This reporter ate way too much turkey on the 24th and had a great time working it off at our "First Annual Turkey Burn-off".  We were lucky enough to snag both national caller Dan Nordbye and wonderful Julie Stiers calling rounds.  What a great way to finish off the month of November.  Ten squares filled the grange.  A wonderful time was had by all of the dancers.  
 We began a new class the first Tuesday on December and our caller Jim Hattrick is working them hard in order to get them ready for his Beginners Dance on Friday, December 30.  So, all of you who have been enjoying the beginning level of dance or those of you who want to really polish up your skills, the Hazel Dell Grange, just a few blocks off of exit 5 on I-5, is the place to be on the 30th.  Our November and December classes are looking forward to dancing with new people in a square.  I heard the Back Porch Trio will be there.
 Our second dance in December was scheduled for Christmas Eve.  We would rather have you home with family and thinking of the Real Reason for the Season so while the hall will be dark, some children will have visions of sugar plums dancing in their heads.  
 Craig Abercrombie will be kicking off the 2017 on the 14th of January.  We will be dancing Plus from 7-8 and mainstream from 8-10 or so.  We would love to have you come.  Our club works hard to make sure any singles who come to our dance will have a partner.
 Most of the Columbia River Dancers will be traveling to the Oregon Mid-Winter Dance so have decided to meet new and old friends there and there will Not be a 4th Saturday dance at the Grange on the 29th.  
 Lastly, is there any interest in a teen group in the greater Portland/Vancouver area?  We have teens who come to lessons and do very well, but who would like to dance with there age group.  We see them learn and then have a tendency to drift away.  Driving from the north part of Clark County to almost Wilsonville is too much for many parents.  Our club is willing to help get something going if there is interest elsewhere.  My email address is nickandjan@comcast.net.
 If my pretty little Taw is lucky enough to get a new hip soon we may see you in Albany in a square.
  Nick Johnson
