This Happy Hoppers report is for January, but if you happen to see it before the end of December, it's not too late to attend our New Year's Eve dance.  This year, the theme is "A Winter Wonderland".  The event will commence at 7:30 with a buffet dinner at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  Dancing will start at 8:30.  Calling and cueing will be by the "Front Porch Trio" featuring the beautiful harmonies of Jim Hattrick, Craig Abercrombie, and Adam Christman.  In the past, when I've danced where multiple callers collaborated on the singing, it was usually only a single person at a time who made the calls.  These guys actually sing the dance calls concurrently, all 3 of them, in harmony!  Their ability to do this represents an exceptional level of experience and communication.

Adam Christman lives in Spokane, so when he comes to town for a "Front Porch Trio" event, they try to leverage on his availability.  With that in mind, they have scheduled a "Beginner Jamboree" dance on Friday, December 30th at the Hazel Dell Grange.  Plus dancing is from 7:00 to 8:00 followed by B-51 calls for the rest of the evening.  It's always fun for our students to get some quality floor time, so we hope you can join us at this dance.

This year we had a very successful Christmas Toys collection.  We donated the toys to The Children's Center, a community-based mental health service.  These folks do a wonderful job and they are very appreciative of our efforts to help brighten up the Christmas season.

Periodically, the FISH food bank in Vancouver requests help for sorting donated food into categories.   We are scheduled to work there on December 15, from 9:00 to 12:00.  It is a great way for our club members to give back to the community.

Our teacher, Jim Hattrick, is well known as a premier educator.  Square dance lessons for new beginners will start on Monday, January 2nd at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive  experience.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.    

We will have our regular Plus dances on the first and third Saturdays of the month at the Clark County Square Dance Center, with our club caller/cuer, Jim Hattrick.  For January, it's the 7th and the 21st.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with squares at 8:00.

Marc Kahn
