Four Chaps & Petticoats dancers attended the Breast-Cancer Benefit at Columbia River Dancers on June 5th.  All had GREAT fun dancing and enjoyed fun activities:  four Callers, three Cuers, Quilt Raffled, wonderful foods/desserts Silent Auction (competition was fierce) and Split-the-Pot Raffle.  More than $3K was earned for the Benefit - made Melissa James very happy to celebrate her Birthday with such memories. 

The Toe Draggers held their LAST Dance (ever) on June 17th, very sad, but WOW…what a well-attended, full-of-excitement dance!  The Chaps and Petticoats went DARK to attend (there were eight of us) and we’re sure glad we didn’t miss it - at one point eight squares were on the floor (plus many more attendees sitting out).  We saw dancers we had not seen in ages, and some we never met before.  There were two Split-the-Pot Raffles and after announcements, a spiral, dual-circle was formed to say goodnight.  Job WELL-DONE everyone, we’ll see you in a square!

Our “food-booth” fundraiser plans fell through this year.  Thus we decided to promote Maplewood Grange and the Chaps & Petticoats by jointly opening the Grange on Sunday nights in August to community groups (by reservation only).  The objective is to meet more people in our community, introduce our Grange and broaden our horizons to other happenings in our community.   

Did you enjoy the Summer Festival weekend?  At the time of this OFN publication, Chaps and Petticoats are also looking forward to more summer activities - will we see you on:  July 22 at “Dancing under the Stars” in Newberg (6th/Howard) Tennis Courts (scuffed shoes OK), July 29 at Milwaukie Community Center for the PAC 5th-Friday Dance (jointly sponsored by RCD), and August 17th (5-6pm) Chaps performs at the Clackamas County Fair, Main Stage.  On August 21 the Hahn Barn starts with potluck at 3:00pm (at the pond) and dancing at the Barn after (watch the temperature).

Come September the Chaps and Petticoats will host, at Maplewood Grange, two FREE Introductory MS Lesson nights from 5-7pm on:  September 11 and September 18.  Our Dance nights will remain the first and third Fridays each month beginning September 16th with a 'Trails-In' Dance night which precedes the State Federation SAT/SUN, July 17-18 Meetings & Dance (find the Flyer on page-front of the OFN).

Happy Feet, 
Betty Chipps