A lot has happened during the last several months so I will try and catch you all up.

 Our caller is Mike Kious who is just getting better and better.  He's so at home and in control on the stage with his microphone.  He watches the squares carefully and makes adjustment if need be.  We're so lucky. His wife, Camille, comes with him and sometimes does a singing call with Mike.  All in the family!

Our cuer is Christina Corelli who has been cueing and teaching rounds for some time.  Her late husband, Kirby Goode, taught rounds with her.  He was the caller for Danebo Circle Eight.  Now, she teaches rounds by herself but has a right-hand man helping her - Ron Gates.  Thanks so much Ron!
   
Whirl-A-Ways just had their summer camp out at Camp Sherman and what FUN!  Potlucks, barbeques, soup and salad night, games, hikes, Tai Chi, you name it!  A number of the Whirl-A-Ways members who knew and loved Kirby Goode went with Christina and her fiancé, Jake Westra, to one of the bridges on the Metolius to scatter Kirby's ashes.  Kirby loved the dancers and loved fly fishing on the Metolius. That was a meaningful and beautiful experience.  Christine Beneda was in charge of the camp out and did a marvelous job!  Thank you Christine!
    
We want to thank Michael Burt who was our president for the past several years.  Ya dun good, Michael!  It was a challenging time with the pandemic and all, and Michael did a great job keeping us all in the loop and on the same page.  Todd Jensen has graciously volunteered to be our president and has already taken care of things.  Thanks Todd.
   
We look forward to our summer picnic out at John and Carolyn Pape's in August.  Thanks for hosting once again John and Carolyn.
    
We remember Sue (Rundall) Nelson with much love.  Sue and Terry danced for a number of years up north and with clubs in our area and now Whirl-A-Ways.  Sue battled cancer and MS for a number of years. She trained their dog, Kona, and was able to attend a number of dog shows.  Terry married Leah Firth this past year.  He thought he'd never find love again after Sue's passing.  Leah and Terry are a perfect match and at the right time!  We are thrilled for them.  Another Whirl-A-Ways member, Jan Bolton, officiated their wedding in Arizona.  Wow!
    
We remember with much fondness, Ray Jones, who passed away recently.  Ray and Zola were Randall Award recipients in 2017.  They were honored for all of their work at every level of square dancing from the local and club level to area and state level and national level as well.  They worked on the 43rd National Convention held in Portland, Oregon in 1994 and the 54th in 2005.   Ray and Zola were tireless workers, and we are all so sad for Zola's loss and ours as well.  Ray was a dynamo who listened well and spoke with honesty and clarity about what was going on.  He knew what was going on at every level and how best to keep things going smoothly.  Ray and Zola were Mid-Winter chairs back in 1988.  "Our Fiesta's Great in 88!" We miss Ray so much and keep Zola in our hearts and prayers along with her daughter, Julie and her family.  Julie danced with the Emerald Teens.

There are so many members willing to take on tasks for our club.  That makes me proud!  Thank you one and all!
 
Christina Corelli