 The TVC wishes to extend congratulations to the recipients of the 2021 Randall Award.  This is the highest honor the Oregon Federation can bestow on a square dancer.  Named for past Federation president Buddy Randall, the award is intended to honor those dancers who have done great service for the Oregon Federation and for square dancing in Oregon, and especially those who work behind the scenes where recognition is so rare.  At the Mid Winter Festival, the award was presented to TVC's own Gary and Joyce Clark.
 The Council convened a Zoom meeting on January 24th prior to the Mid Winter Festival, and then an in person meeting on the 31st after the Festival.  During the first meeting it was decided to continue with Zoom meetings until further notice.  There was also discussion about the next TVC event.  It will be a 5th Saturday dance in April.  Planning is underway and details will be reported next month.
 Each year the Council holds a TVC Presidents Meeting to honor current and past club Presidents. This has been a tradition for 28 years.  Last year, because of Covid concerns, the annual meeting was not held.  Since the TVC Recognition Award is presented at that meeting, it was postponed.  The award for 2020 as well as 2021 was presented at the January 31st meeting 
 Mike St Clair, TVC President, said  "Each year since 1994, the TVC Recognition Award has been presented to an individual or couple for outstanding service and significant contribution to the square dancing community.  I am very happy to present this award to Bob & Carolyn Bosch for the year 2020, a year that will go down in the history books.  Also, at this time I am pleased to announce that the 2021 TVC Recognition Award goes to Darrell & Erin Kalmbach.  I think you will agree that both couples are very deserving of this award and I am proud to be the one to present it to them."  To see photos and read the full presentation go to the TVC website by clicking the "Link" above this report and then click on the "TVC Awards" tab.
  Ferrous Steinka