The April TVC meeting was held via Zoom with 32 attendees including George Hermann, President of the Oregon Federation.  Zoom will remain the meeting method at least through May.  The TVC’s slate of officer candidates was unanimously approved with the following results:  President - Ursula Kuhn,  Vice President - Linda and K.C. Curtis,  Secretary - Andis Garuts, and Treasurer - Tammy LeBlanc.  The new Officers will take office on June 1st.  The TVC wishes to thank Mike St. Clair for his four years of service as President and recognize that these past two years have been difficult.  Thank you also to outgoing Vice President, Jan Amerson. 

Saturday, April 30th marked the first TVC dance held in two years!  Toe Draggers hosted the event at the Kinton Grange with over 5 squares attending.  KC Curtis and Julie Stiers with help from three guest callers kept the floor dancing and having fun.  The dancers enjoyed the evening which for one of the first times in a couple years had refreshments and visiting. 

Twelve of the thirteen TVC clubs are either dancing on a regular schedule or a combination of lessons and brush-up dances.  Wavesteppers in Garibaldi is the only club which has not resumed.  They have lost members and are finding it difficult to attract a square.  Their lessons have been postponed for lack of participation.  Efforts are underway to elicit help from coastal radio stations. 

Plans are underway for the TVC's annual Hahn Barn Dance.  After discussion it was decided to have the dance earlier than usual, as people don't want to drive along country lanes in the dark.  It will be on Sunday, August 21 at the Hahn Farm near Banks.  Potluck Picnic will be held at 3 p.m. near the pond below the Barn before the dance.  More details to follow. 

Since the OFN is published about the 20th, you still have time to plan on attending the Valley Squares to celebrate their 73rd Anniversary Dance on the 21st, 7 to 9 pm at the Aloha Grange.  Craig Abercrombie is calling and Connie Clark cueing.  No masks or proof of vaccination required.  See their flyer in the May OFN.  The Council encourages all dancers to attend Anniversary dances.  It is important to support our dancing community. 

Ferrous Steinka 