The TVC New Year’s Eve dance was a wonderful way to say farewell to the old year and greet the New Year.  Time to forget the old mistakes and move on to a new year as a smarter person having learned your lessons from last year. 
 Mid-Winter dance is a must go for many of our members who enjoy a mini vacation seeing friends and dancing to different callers and cuers.  Dancers who went say if you missed this year plan on attending next year.  More dancers attending means everyone has more fun and helps keep this wonderful activity going.
 At Mid-Winter our club was honored to have the Randall Award given to a deserving couple, Ferrous and Karen Steinka.  They have held offices, done websites, created many flyers, send out emails to keep members informed, edit the reports, and stuff I do even know about because much of it is behind the scenes.  Besides all that they are great people to know.  They deserve our thanks and congratulations for all they do for square dancing.  "The Randall Award is the highest honor the Federation bestows on a square dancer--those who have done great service for the Oregon Federation and for square dancing in Oregon, especially those who work behind the scenes."
 You have several opportunities in March to observe special days and to dress for your dance.  March 5th is Mardi Gras so good time to get out your most colorful clothes and lot of beads.  Daylight saving time begins March 10th so you can have a good excuse for being an hour late. St. Patrick’s Day comes March 17th but watch out for the green beer as you might start seeing leprechauns.  The first day of spring is March 20th, the day we have been waiting for, so go out and smell the flowers.  For something different, participate in Earth Hour March 30th.  Earth Hour is a worldwide movement organized by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF).  The event is held annually encouraging individuals, communities, and businesses to turn off non-essential electric lights for one hour, from 8:30 to 9:30 pm, generally on the last Saturday in March, as a symbol of commitment to the planet.  You say you can not do that because you are coming to the TVC Spring Fling that Saturday and you do not want to dance in the dark.  It would be an interesting experiment. 
 Our plus classes began February 4th, noon to 1:15 at the Sunset Presbyterian Church on Cornell Road.  Now is the time to brush up on your Plus or come join in the fun of Plus, only $4.  No special outfit needed.  
 We dance every Monday afternoon, even on holidays except Christmas and New Years.  Our callers keep us on our toes each week, always seeming to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  During lessons our schedule is 12:00 - 1:15 class, then 1:15 - 3:00 pm plus and rounds at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  
  Rachel Nettleton
