Holy cow 2019 came on so fast it doesn’t seem like there were 12 months in 2018.  January is a time of revels and new beginnings and that’s why the Hoedowners relish putting on the Black and White Sparkle Ball.  It’s a brilliant way to begin the New Year with the Aloha Grange Ballroom all bejeweled and shimmering in the twinkling lights.  What with the mirror ball turning, additional lighting, and everyone dressed in black and white, it made for a dazzling evening.  
 Mid-Winter Festival is our first Hoedowner week-end get away of the year.  On Friday we danced, shopped, dined together and then danced and shopped some more.  I think there was a late evening stop at the Hoedowner Party Room for most members. Saturday we enjoyed all the different dance floors, made side trips to Old Town Albany, shopped, visited with old and new square dance friends and dined together and met up once again in the Hoedowner Party Room.  We had two couples featured in the Showcase of Rounds; Duane and Heidi Petrowsky waltzed to The Girl that I Married while Randy Lewis and Debbie Olson danced to Halleluiah.  I hope you had an opportunity to see both performances and a chance to dance with our marvelous cuer Randy Lewis Saturday evening.
 I want to mention that our own Ferrous and Karen Steinka were winners of the 2019 Randall Memorial Award, the highest honor the Federation bestows.  A well-deserved recognition of their commitment to square dancing on the club, council and state levels so please extend your thanks and congratulations to this fine couple.
 Mark your calendar for two big Hoedowner dances in March.  On the 9th, we’ll be celebrating the lowly potato with our Mr. Potato Head Dance (keto options will be available).  And in the fine tradition of high school, collegiate and professional sports we’ll be having our March Madness Dance on the 23rd.  Support your favorite team(s) with jerseys, hats, face paint, etc. or just go a little “mad”.  No matter what, you’ll want to be on hand.
  Krystal Laas
