In January we only had one dance on the 11th since we, like most clubs in Oregon, go dark for Mid-Winter Festival on the 4th weekend every January.  Jim Hattrick called the dance for us as he normally does on the 2nd Fridays and Jackie Gale cued.  These two make a dynamic duo for sure.  We are so pleased to have them both.  Club President Larry Reetz as Mid-Winter Chair was busy selling ribbons and looking forward to some time off once MWF was over.

Several Single Trees attended the memorial dance for Joyce Voll, retired cuer for Sweet Home Squarenaders and Lebanon Square Circlers, who passed away in November.  We were all pleased at the large turnout for the memorial service and the potluck and dance that followed.  What a wonderful way to remember such a beautiful (both inside and out), kind-hearted lady who showed such fortitude throughout her long struggle.  She is greatly missed. 

Quite a lot of Single Trees were seen at Mid-Winter 2019 in all of the halls from advanced to beginners.  Some went for all 3 days, some for two and some for just Saturday.  No matter how long you stayed you were guaranteed some excellent dancing with calling/cueing from our local callers and cuers and by the national callers and cuer tem.  Ray Brendzy and Charlie Robertson worked well together and apart and would be welcomed back whole-heartedly should we be lucky enough to have them come again.  Joy Pitts, our Treasurer, too a chance and won the quilt being raffled off by River City Dancers and Bachelor and Bachelorettes of Oregon City.  She was thrilled (see photo posted in the photo section)!

In March we’re looking forward to our St. Patrick’s Dance and Baked Potato feed which is always a winner!  Please come join us.

If you missed the chance to dance to Charlie Robertson, you can attend the Buckeroo Birthday Dance in early April where he is the featured caller.  I’m looking forward to that weekend myself and hope other Single Trees will join me.  This will be a terrific dance weekend especially if you dance plus and advanced s there is a DBD dance Sunday afternoon.

Happy dancing,

Gaynor Hintz
Club Reporter