The Valley River Dancers dance on the 2nd and 4th Fridays of the month in Newberg at the Chehalem Community Center, located on the corner of 2nd and Howard Streets.
 We were dark for our 4th Friday January dance so that our members could attend MWF.  A great time was had by all, even our newest graduates. 
 We had a visitation to the Toe Draggers in January and brought our banner back.  We are visiting Chaps and Petticoats for their Flintstone dance, which is once again the Kalmbach/Pratt duo, and always fun.
 Our 2nd Friday Plus Dance continues with a Cha Cha workshop preceding the dance, led by Ken and Dianne Pratt, beginning at 6:30 pm.  General admission to the dance alone at 7:30 pm is $6, and the workshop (to include staying for prerounds cued by Ken) alone is $6. The charge for attending both the workshop and dance is $10.
 At this writing, we have guest caller Darrell Kalmbach scheduled for our February Plus Dance that hasn’t happened yet while Randy is away with some of our members and friends of Valley River Dancers on the Dibble Cruise.  (Wow--a square dance cruise!  That sounds sooo fun!)  We also are planning our Birthday dance for 4th Friday, February 22nd.  Randy Dibble will call this dance with Sherri Clark cueing.  We are hoping for a good turnout to help us celebrate our 14th birthday.  We generally have an open break to maximize our dancing time, but we will break together briefly to enjoy some cake and ice cream.
 Traditionally after our dances those who can meet at Abby’s Pizza for complementary sodas and socializing.  We would love to have you stay and visit with us.  Some order pizza or the salad bar and stay until midnight when they close, others just have a soda.  Stop by if you can.
 We have Mainstream lessons beginning again on February 26th (which is a correction) at 6:30 pm and continuing Tuesdays, with Randy Dibble instructing at the Chehalem Community Center (south entrance). We generally have enough angels, but if you’re interested, following mainstream, there is an ‘A’ workshop beginning at 8 pm.
 We currently have a 5th Saturday ‘A’ Dance scheduled in Woodburn in March, but I have not been given the name of a guest caller to report presently.  Randy Dibble will be calling the TVC Spring Fling Dance on the 5th Saturday, March 30th.  
 Hoping to see you across a square soon!
  Josie Rosenbury
