October is now in the history books.  It was just a few days ago I need to check something in my calendar history from January. I looked back at my calendar and was saddened to see how full my social calendar was and how empty it looks now.  Holidays were posted in green, Hoedowner activities in yellow, social activities in blue, family activities in red, Grange activities in orange, one-time activities in purple.  It is hard to remember just how full our lives were with things to do and people to see, mostly connected with square dancing and our square dance friends, Mid-Winter for heaven’s sake!!
 In my voluminous spare time, I decided to make a list of the movies featuring square dancing.  Anyone heard of Square Dance Jubilee?  It was a 1949 release: a bit of romance with murder, cattle rustling, and music mixed in.  Its tagline? “Come on everybody!  For the time of your life—get set to enjoy the grandest array pf hoedown entertainment ever assembled in one big happy hit!”  Recommended for a glimpse of typical 1950’s idea of western wear.  Available on YouTube.
 Of course, there’s 1955’s Oklahoma, a magical movie translation of Rogers and Hammerstein Broadway hit; choreography by Agnes de Mille.  On a summer’s morning it’s hard not to at least hum “Oh, What a Beautiful Morning” It has romance, dastardly deeds, a floozy, a hunk, farmers vs ranchers and Aunt Eller, everyone needs an Aunt Eller. Available on multiple platforms and even occasionally on the big screen.
 Oh, there is Square Dance from 1987.  A coming of age story with Winona Ryder as the ingénue and Rob Lowe as the fiddle player.  The actors are both still going strong 33 years later.  I am not so sure about the film. The DVD is available from online retailers.
 And finally, the big shocker, The Stepford Wives from 2004.  The connection is just one scene where the couples are square dancing and Glenn Close is the caller.  I have never seen what happens in real life but who knows.  The movie is available on many platforms, but you can see just the square dance scene on YouTube.
 Square dance clubs have posted a multitude of square dance videos so you can dance at home with just a little imagination and avoid six-guns, conflict, teenage angst and Glen Close.
 Hope your Halloween was great, full of pumpkin spice and chocolate treats.
  Krystal Laas
