The Happy Hoppers' New Year's Eve dance was a great success with about 15 squares of well-dressed celebrants.  The Clark County Square Dance Center was decorated in a Winter Wonderland theme.  We started out with a buffet dinner of soup, salad, and sandwiches.  A hosted hot chocolate bar was available throughout the evening.  The Front Porch Trio (Jim Hattrick, Craig Abercrombie, and Adam Christman) took care of calling and cueing.  At midnight, we toasted in the new year.   A good time was had by all!

Periodically, the FISH food bank in Vancouver requests help for sorting donated food into categories.   We worked there Thursday morning, January 5th, for 3 hours.  Thanks go out to Jean Tolstrup for coordinating this activity with George Kaufer of FISH.  We feel that this is an important service and a great way for our club members to give back to the community.

On December 13th, we had our second fundraiser at the Burgerville in Orchards.  In addition to helping serve food and cleaning tables, our club members gave a square dance demo.  Check it out on YouTube at:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcwCnB2Ngt4 .  We earned $176.00 for the club that evening!

Our square dance lessons, on Monday evenings at the Clark County Square Dance Center are continuing.  We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive  experience.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.    

We will have our regular Plus dances on the first and third Saturdays of the month at the Clark County Square Dance Center, with our club caller/cuer, Jim Hattrick.  For February, it's the 4th and the 18th.  The 4th is our annual "Sweetheart Dance".  Either bring your sweetheart, or maybe you can find one.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with squares at 8:00.

Marc Kahn