December was decidedly different in 2016 with temperatures plunging and many cancellations. Our big event for the month is always our Toyland Dance on the 10th.  The ballroom looked festive with the Aloha Grange’s decorations; beautiful tree and fresh wreaths.  We danced to old and new Christmas music and when the crowd departed they left a pile of toys under the tree.  Those toys were gathered up and taken to a local business which matches toy for toy for needy kids.
 The Hoedowners want to give a special thank you to Pat Wolter for spearheading the Aloha Grange’s Adopted Family program for 2016.  She selected the five member family and kept the Grange membership, Hoedowners and Valley Squares up to date on what was needed.  The square dance community stepped up in its usual remarkable way so that Chet and Pat Wolter and Wayne and Darlene Ditsworth used two trucks to deliver beds, mattresses, bedding, microwave, shoes, clothing, toiletries, grocery and gas gift cards, toys and other Christmas wishes.  It was an amazing effort.
 Old Man Winter roared into town the afternoon of the 14th and we took a hint from those early afternoon snowflakes to cancel lessons.  Thank heavens because as the evening progressed, area roads turned into parking lots.  There were several cancellations that week but the Hoedowners braved the roads and weather to visit Sunset Promenaders on the Saturday, the 17th.
 Bart Welch and Donnie Laas had a surprise in store for dancers who attended our lesson on the 21st; an enhanced mirror ball.  Quite the show fellas!!  We can’t wait until everyone gets to experience the wonder.
 We were dark on the 4th Saturday as that was Christmas Eve.  Most Hoedowners welcomed 2017 at the TVC New Year’s Eve dance, “A Dance to Remember”.  
 In February we’ll have a Mad Hatter Tea Party on the 11th.  Wear your “maddest” hat and celebrate Valentine’s Day and Oregon’s birthday.
 February 25th is our 67th Anniversary Dance.  We start the evening with a chicken dinner at 6:15, mainstream is 7-9 and plus is from 9-10.  Please join us to celebrate!
  Krystal Laas
