February has been a fun month. We had a great time at our annual Chili Cookoff/Dance. Phil & Mary were lots of fun and the Chili was fantastic. Congrats to Louise for winning the Judge's choice and Rikki for winning the Dancer's choice!!  We even had a visit from the famous Charlie Brown Cheerleaders. If you haven't seen it yer, be sure to check out the video on our Facebook page.
Our dance​ on Sat Feb 17th was a wonderful night of all levels of dancing and so much fun. Thank you to all the visitors (as far away as Bend). We enjoyed Jet & Sylvia Roberts so very much and look forward to when they are in the area again.  We stayed and enjoyed a potluck and visiting after the dance and there lots of good food to share.  If you didn't come out to enjoy this dance, then you really missed out!!!
Our Sept class will be graduating Feb 27th at 630 - please come and support them as they graduate! We will be starting a new Plus class on Tues at 8pm following the Mainstream workshop that replaces "new" dancer classes.  Plus will start on March 6th. Come out and give it a try or come brush up and improve your dancing skills!!  Our Thursday new dancer class is small - but they are moving along well and having a great time.  We are still having fun with our Advanced group - using tapes to learn/dance. The 8 consistent dancers are really having a good time and I've seen improvement in those that have never danced Advanced. So proud of them!
March we have special guest caller Janienne Alexander & cuer Sarge Glidewell!! Going to be a wonderful nite of fun!!  March 17th is a dance you don't want to miss. The wonderful Michael Haworth(CA) will be here calling all levels!! He is fabulous. Mark McDonald will be coming over to cue. Going to be a fun nite!!!  Advanced at 530; pre-rounds at 630 and then PLUS w/every 3rd tip Mainstream for the rest of the evening; with rounds in between.
Charlie's are in full swing planning for our Boatnik Festival - this is always a great time - get your ribbons now before the price goes up. This year is Tony Oxendine and Sharon Parker!!!!!!
On a  side note - we will have a guest caller July 7th Bronc Wise - we are so excited to have him come to the Charlie's!!!  Watch for the flyer!!!

Happy Dancing!
Rikki