Hoedowners began January with two sewing workshops for our new club outfits on the 6th and 13th.  Darlene Ditsworth was in charge and with the sewing help of Colleen Van Winkle and Cindy Kurle; she was able to provide patterns, plans, fabric, trims, measurements, advice and bling.  It’s amazing how many shirts and skirts were created and customized in two Saturday afternoons.
 Our annual Black and White Sparkle Dance twinkled into the ballroom on January 13th.  It is always wonderful to see the transformation; mirrors sparkling on the walls, snowflakes and fairy lights.  Kylie’s birthday was celebrated with a beautiful cake and everyone joined in to sing Happy Birthday.
 At our new dancer lessons, we held a used clothing sale on the 17th and on the 24th we held our annual Poker Run where dancers accumulate a poker hand throughout the evening.  Prizes were awarded for high and low hands.
 And suddenly it was Mid-Winter Festival.  As usual, the Hoedowners were out in force. By my count 49 Hoedowners and students attended for all or part of the weekend.  It was the Hoedowner’s first opportunity to wear our new Club Outfit and we were pleased with how great it looked on the dance floor.  Club activities kicked off Friday evening with a group dinner and a lively post party.  Saturday saw dancing, visits to the Carousel Museum, dancing, shopping, and dancing.  We congregated once again for dinner Saturday evening before watching the Showcase of Rounds.  We enjoyed seeing our own, Sara and David Boultinghouse, Bart and Debra Welch and Mike and Sally Duyck perform.  Unfortunately Randy Lewis had to watch from a wheelchair as he had broken his hip but he assures us he is on the mend.  Saturday evening’s post party was our last club activity and we filled our suite with a vivacious crowd.  
 January 31st was our Hoedowner Potluck and Graduation.  I’ve often commented on the joys of eating other people’s cooking and my thoughts remain the same; potlucks are wonderful.  We had a splendid table with everyone’s best dishes.  There was a brief program of introductions, information and of course the awarding of diploma’s and dangles followed by dancing until 9 pm.
 What lies ahead?  On March 10th, it’s our Potato Head Dance.  Can you guess what we’re serving for food?  You’re right; it’s a baked potato bar. 
 On March 24th our Pizza Party Dance will be very special and turn up the excitement for everyone as we’re having LIVE MUSIC provided by "A-Live Sound" featuring Dave and Bonnie Harry of Lynnwood, WA.  This is absolutely not to be missed!  Have you square danced to live music??  No, well this is your chance.
  Krystal Laas
