March ... Signs of Spring ... MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm

Lions or Lambs??  Lots of getting ready for lots of dancing...

So let's swing into spring and see each the across a square somewhere.  March leads us to April which brightly states   The Pear Blossom Weekend Dance......3 days of fun and dancing and camping and eating and oh yeah dancing.   There is a flyer with all the who's and where's and what's in the OFN.....Find it and find us.  See you there. March also brings another nite of Mexican Train on the 16th...    There will be food at 5:30 and Dominoes to follow.   If you are bringing dominoes, please reduce them to Double 9 sets.  This way everyone shoud be able to stay until the end and have a chance to win a prize  See you there.

May brings us Boatnik and more dancing.  Charlies have done a good job of re-instating this dance weekend!!!!  Come out and see the hall filled with friends and corners to help you while away the weekend.   PS   There is dancing and all that stuff tooooo

Memorial Day brings you all out to my house for good friends and good food and horseshoes and fun and conversation and and and ….   If you need directions call me or see me and I can help you get here from anywhere.    Don't know if we will dance.   There is room but don't know yet....

 June delivers The Summer Festival to Josephine County.  Kinda like bringing the rest of the State to where we all are.   Lots of fun and prizes and dancing!  They have invited me to open with the National Anthem and I have agreed.  That should be great fun.  Come on out and dance and show the rest of the State that we Southern Oregonians know how to put on a party.

July.........Diamond Lake …..  Wayne Weaver's Last Diamond Lake as a caller.   Come on out and tribute him and get wet and eat good food and meet old friends and, oh yeah dance dance dance. It is my summer vacation so I will see you across a square.   See the flyer and get registered and come have great fun...  Maybe you will win the lovely quilt that Maxine Center donated. It rests nicely on a quilt rack that Don Korner built and donated.  You do not need to be there to win(You do need to buy tickets to win) but it is so much more fun if you are.

August will have an End My Calling Career Dance on the 11th.   Tell everyone that Wayne is retiring and get them to come to the dance.  You come to the dance too..  He will be sorely missed and we need to send him off with a Big  Bang.   If you have pictures from a 100 years ago when he started calling...we would sure like to borrow them for the dance.  He called for several clubs and there has to be someone who is keeping track of all that old stuff...  Dig around and help us out. Contact me or Phil Ramey.

Ladies to the center for a teacup chain...

mmoody0814@yahoo.com