The Charlie's have been busy preparing for Boatnik Festival during Memorial Weekend!! 
We are so excited and I can't wait to report on it next month!!

There is still time to get your ribbons and enjoy the fabulous Tony Oxendine & Sharon Parker!!!  We will also be going on a jet boat trip Monday-contact a committee member to ask about our group number and join us on the same boat!  Last year we almost filled the boat with all dancers; let's shoot for the same this year!

Our January class graduated May 17th!! Be sure to welcome our new dancers into a square at your next dance or festival!!

May 19th we welcomed the wonderful George & Patty Hermann to our hall as we celebrated our American Heroes!! 
Such a fun duo!

May 29th we are trying something new with an 8 week Fast Track Class; this is a fast paced session where new dancers (or re-treads) will learn most of the Mainstream calls. Starts at 7 and goes til 9. $40 gets you the whole session and an additional $5 gets you in the dance to show off your skills at the end!

June 2nd we welcome Terry Halley & Steve Murphy as they dance under the big top!! Should be a wonderful and fun dance!!! 

We will be dark on June 16th - as the Circle N Squares puts on their annual GoldDiggers Dance.

Looking ahead to July 7th - mark your calendars as you don't want to miss this wonderful dance!! The talented Bronc Wise will be center stage at the Charlie's!! 230-4 he will do an advanced workshop. Come back at 6-730 for an A2 dance and then Rikki Lobato will cue pre-rounds 730-8. We will then do Alternating MS & Plus tips and rounds in between. Something for everyone! You don't want to miss this!!! I've heard that we may be getting some visitors - so let's fill the hall!!!

We will end the summer with an all-skate dance for newer graduates and all dancers - Mainstream and Plus dance with Chuck Simpkins calling and Rikki Lobato cueing.

We are dark for August due to Fair and will also be dark during the Labor Day weekend and Yreka's birthday dance in September. However, we will be dancing all over the place during the summer!!

USA West is in Reno this year and will be a wonderful time!!! Diamond Lake will be a fabulous event with Hunter Keller & MaryAnn Callahan, as well as Wayne Weaver!!  We are also looking forward to hosting the June Council dance with Wayne & Elaine Funk. This will be Wayne's last council dance as the entertainer.  Summer Festival will be at our hall in Grants Pass and we hope to see lots of friends.

So much fun, dancing and laughter to be had!!!  See you somewhere soon!!