June will be a landmark month for our Happy Hoppers.  After 40 years of being actively involved in the Clark County Square Dance Center, Hoppers will be saying good bye to our home due to the Center’s upcoming sale.  Our club has a lot of history with this building.  Some of our current members helped construct the original Center.  Over the years these same members as well as current Hoppers have served on the Square Dance Center Board.  All of our members, both past and present, have wonderful memories of activities, dances and events that helped to make the Square Dance Center our dancing home.  While our last dance on Saturday, June 16th, will mark the end of an era for the Hoppers, we are confident that we will be the same great club dancing together in another location.  For, as we all know, it is not where we dance that makes square dancing so special; it is the wonderful people and the camaraderie that we all share that makes it so much fun.  

The good news is that we are currently looking at two good potential locations for our dance season which starts in September.  Even better news for our club members and the dancing community is that on Friday, June 8th, we will be having a trial dance at one of the locations, the Salmon Creek United Methodist Church, 12217 NE Highway 99, Vancouver, WA.  The dance will be from 7:30 until 9:30 with Craig Abercrombie calling and Dorothy Lowder cueing.  Jim Hattrick was not available to call on this date.  All square dancers are welcome to attend.  Keep watching for further updates about our new location and plan to come and dance with us as we settle in to our new home in September!
Before going dark for the summer, the Hoppers have traditionally ended our dance year with a strawberry shortcake dance, and this year will be no exception.  What can be better than fresh strawberry shortcake, a great dance, and fellowship with friends?  So, mark your calendars for June 16th and plan to dance with us and share the final square dance to be held at the Clark County Square Dance Center.

 Jean Tolstrup
