Fantastic Opportunity!  Our successful Plus Class last year encouraged us to repeat the program starting at noon, February 4th, Monday, running into May.  Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road, Beaverton, is the location.  Join us to learn or improve your Plus skills.  We will have our three great callers teaching the lessons: Daryl Clendenin, Jim Hattrick, Darrell Kalmbach.  For more information see the flyer below.
 December was a short month since we did not dance on holidays of Christmas Eve or New Year’s Eve.  Our faithful members and visitors showed up with enthusiasm to extract as much fun as possible for the first three dances of the month. 
 We ended December and began January by joining Sunset Promenaders to host the TVC New Years Eve Dance at IOOF Hall in Hillsboro.  Mike St Clair, TVC president, welcomed a crowd of well dressed dancers in black and silver, lace and leather, classy petticoats and tiered skirts who mingled on the floor dancing with caller Darrell Kalmbach and cuer Randy Lewis.  When they were not dancing they were in the break room feasting on meat balls, chicken, pulled pork, grapes, assorted vegetables, dips, cheeses, crackers, and every kind of dessert.  To make it all special some great volunteers decorated the hall and break room creating a beautiful and festive candy for the eyes.  After we all greeted the New Year with hugs and song Darrell called the first tip of the new year.  We all agreed it was a great evening.
 February has several holidays so you have the opportunity to be creative in what you wear to the dances.  Groundhog Day on the 2nd, Valentines Day on the 14th, Presidents Day on the 19th, and even the Chinese New Year on the 16th occur this month.  Groundhog Day will take a LOT of creativity.  
 The beginning of a new year can sometimes mean the beginning of a new you.  Did you make resolutions to make changes in your life?  Is it still a work in progress?  I have heard the act of trying is as important as succeeding.  I am not sure this is true, but I know I keep trying with varying degrees of success.  Good luck to you.  
 We dance every Monday afternoon, even on holidays except Christmas and New Years.  Our callers keep us on our toes each week, always seeming to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  During lessons our schedule is 12:00 - 1:15 class, then 1:15 - 3:00 pm plus and rounds at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  
  Rachel Nettleton
