 Hoedowners know that December is a month for reaching out to others, family, and friends.  It’s also full of opportunities to reach out to those less fortunate.  The Aloha Grange #773 Christmas Family Adoption is always an opportunity to provide a special Christmas to a family in need.  This year Hoedowners provided clothing, bedding, toys, toiletries, cleaning supplies, cash and gift cards.  A special thanks to all the Hoedowners who organized wrapped and delivered the bounty.  Along with the Valley Squares and the Aloha Grange members, we were able to provide a memorable Christmas for a needy family.
 The generosity extended to our Dancers in Toy Land dance on December 8th.  This special dance was also in recognition of Yvonne Clendenin’s retirement as our club cuer.  Dancers were encouraged to bring toys and gifts for needy kids and there was a wonderful pile at evening’s end.   A lovely retirement cake and refreshments were served.  Chet Wolter won the Spin It to Win It game.
 On December 16th, the Hoedowners sponsored a New Dancer Jamboree.  Daryl was pleased to have Terry Halley and Darrell Kalmbach join him on stage as guest callers and speaking of guests we had a crowd.  Dancers from Tri-Squares, Sunset Promenaders, Valley Squares, Toe Draggers, Chaps and Petticoats, Hayshakers, Oak Hill Squares and Frontier Squares of Webster Texas attended with a group of independents.  Are experienced dancers known to break down squares?  Of course they are!   It’s part of learning and it makes for a fun afternoon for beginners to the experienced.
 December 22nd, with Christmas just three days away, Hoedowners held a Sounds of Christmas Dance.   An evening of singing calls.  It’s the perfect time of the year for those singing calls as everyone likes to sing along with Christmas music.  There was a Christmas angel flitting about and as the evening progressed her golden glow only became all the brighter.   We were very excited to have Yvonne Clendenin be our guest cuer.   I’ll be darned if Yvonne didn’t take home cash in the Spin It to Win It game.   Before our “thank you” circle dispersed, we stopped to sing Silent Night and wish a Merry Christmas to one and all.
 Hearts are aflutter as February approaches.   We’re planning a Roaring Twenties Dance on February 9th.   We’ll have fringe a’ flying; gangsters, flappers, silent screen stars, and Gatsby are all welcome.
 February 23rd will be the Hoedowners 69th Anniversary Dance.  We’ll be having our famous Winner, Winner Chicken Dinner with all the fixin’s.   We’ve done it 68 times before so we’ve got this.  You don’t want to miss this one!!