Again this year we headed to Seaside for our beach trip early in October.  The weather was mostly sunny and nice.  Besides walking on the board walk along the beach, taking in beautiful sunsets, we had games and lots of good food.  Kay Rogers supplied many of the gifts/prizes and members brought white elephant items selected by game players.  The top sought after prizes were free admissions to the aquarium for 6 lucky winners (thanks Kay).
 We had such a good time helping the Sunset Promenaders celebrate their anniversary to the great calling of Mike Stout and Darrell Kalmbach.  A few of us also joined M & M's to celebrate their anniversary.
 We had about 14 members at Seaside Sashay. Everyone had a good time. It was mostly sunny Saturday morning with a great turnout to dance on the turnaround which is always a highlight. The rain did come later in the day, but did not curb our enthusiasm.
 We had a fun Halloween dance on October 29th, with some interesting costumes.
 The Eager Beavers are co-hosting, along with Sunset Promenaders, the TVC  New Year's Eve Dance.  9:00 pm to 12:15 pm.  $8.00 each.  Every third tip will be Plus.  We will have an open break with appetizers, finger foods, and desserts.  Darrell Kalmbach will be calling and Randy Lewis will be cueing.
 Starting Monday February 4th at noon, we will be having Plus lessons.  Our three great callers will be instructing again.  Daryl Clendenin (1st & 5th Mondays), Darrell Kalmbach (2nd & 4th Mondays), and Jim Hattrick (3rd Mondays)  See flyer on our website www.EagerBeavers.info.  If you are already a Plus dancer, this is a great time to brush up on Plus .
 Check out the OFN website: http://ofn.club for all club flyers and information regarding Mid-Winter.  
 Even if you work on Mondays, you can join us once in a while; we dance every Monday, even on holidays except Christmas and New Years.  Our callers keep us on our toes as each week, always seeming to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  We dance from 1:00 to 3:00 pm at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  
  Karen Steinka
