This October turned out to be one of those postcard pretty months; beautiful fall color, leaves accumulating in piles, splendid sunsets and warm, sunlit afternoons.  I hope you enjoyed it as much as Hoedowners did.  Our October dancing began on the 6th when thirty Hoedowners attended the Sunset Promenaders’ 33rd Anniversary Dance.  We love a celebration and we’re never ones to miss a wonderful ham dinner, those famous rolls and an opportunity to dance with friends.
 Hoedowners decided to hold their first Pirate Dance on October 13th.  No, not a dance celebrating the Pittsburgh Pirates but those swashbuckling denizens of the high seas who capture the imagination of young and old; Black Beard, Black Pearls, Jack Sparrow, and rides at Disneyland.  I don’t believe it’s easy to produce an appropriate outfit looking in one’s closet so there have to be a number of sources for the tricorn hats, corsets, waist coats, sashes, jewelry, knee high boots, massive belts, daggers, swords and pistols that adorned the mutinous crowd.  The ballroom was at its best with chest of booty, long lost skeletons and a rolling loop of pirate adventures on the screen.  Everyone was encouraged or rounded up by the headstrong Captain Van Winkle and his first mate Colleen for photos in front of the pirate ship.  And as always, the buccaneers retired to a table laden with hearty food, mead and gold doubloons, arrgh!  (Photos on www.hoedowners.info, Picture Tab)
 The “sea” theme for October was repeated for the Seaside Sashay, October 26th & 27th.  Hoedowners always enjoy this festival and a group of 26 attended.  The dancing was marvelous and the prizes generous.  Who could ask for a better sunny October morning for dancing at the Turn-Around?  The music and dancers attracted quite a crowd on the ground while folks watched from their room balconies.  The Hoedowner dinner Saturday night was attended by 22 and although the rain came in for the evening, the post party lasted until 1 am.  What a great weekend of dance and friendship.
 What’s happening in December?  It’s the holidays, silly so to kick the month off we’re having a Dancers in Toyland Dance on the 8th.  Please donate a toy and if you’re in the mood dress up as an action figure, toy or doll.
 On December 22nd we’re hosting a Sounds of Christmas Dance with all singing calls.  Please join us and sing along.
  Krystal Laas
