It was a Happy Hopper Summit Meeting on November 7th when 18 of the Vancouver Happy Hoppers braved the stormy weather and the heavy traffic, driving more than 200 miles, to have a visitation with the Marysville Happy Hoppers.  Our regular venue was being used that night for the "Royal Romp", so our regular club dance went dark.  We were warmly welcomed, and felt right at home, especially because the guest caller that night was our own Jim Hattrick.  Everyone was surprised to find out that while the Vancouver Hoppers have the grasshopper as a mascot, the Marysville club self-identifies as kangaroos.  Doesn't anybody feel sorry for the poor bunnies, being left out like that?

There will be a February 12th visitation to the Single Trees in Springfield, Oregon. We're renting a bus for that afternoon and evening.  It should be a jolly old time!

Our twice yearly clothing sale was held on November 16th, concurrent with one of our Monday lesson nights.  It was, as always, a grand affair punctuated with amazing bargains.  I bought a 4th of July ensemble, consisting of a red western shirt with a red, white, and blue scarf tie, along with a scarf slider for $7.00 total.  Wow!  Even with the inexpensive prices, the club raised over $1,000.00.  We'll have another sale coming up in March or so.  Keep your eyes open.

Our annual New Year's Eve dance is themed as "The Wild West".  A buffet dinner will be served at 7:30.  Plus tips start at 8:30.  The Front Porch Trio (Jim Hattrick, Craig Abercrombie, and Adam Christman) will "bring order" to the festivities.  At midnight, Jim will offer a toast to the New Year.  The pre-sale ticket price of $15.00 will go up to $20.00 as of December 27.  Please see the flyer below.

We'll only have one club dance in January.  Because the first Saturday is so soon after our New Year's Eve Dance, we'll be dark on January 2nd.  But we'll be up to our old tricks on January 16th with Jim Hattrick calling and cueing.

We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive experience.  We encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of every month at 7:30.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.

Marc Kahn
