The month of November began with the typical rain we’re accustomed to this time of year but the Hoedowners decided to begin their month with a visitation on the 7th to the Valley Squares’ Trophy Dance and when 23 of us showed up, we were able to bring that Traveling Trophy home.  Watch this periodical for scheduling of the Hoedowners’ sponsored dance and your club’s opportunity to take the trophy home.

Our Turkey Toss dance on the 14th saw everyone at their usual competitive best; tossing bean bags and cheering the competitors on.  We’re especially glad the Tri-Squares decided to join us.

On November 18th we had our annual New Dancer Spaghetti Dinner.  It just gets better every year! We enjoyed Italian music and candlelight for ambiance, homemade spaghetti sauce, fresh pasta and tiramisu to fill our stomachs and a gaggle of over 65 dining.  It’s November so gaggle applies.  We held a used clothing sale and those crinolines were flying off the rack and when we meandered upstairs, we found 8 squares of new and experienced dancers sharing the floor.  What’s more fun than that?

November 28 was the Soup Night Dance.  The dancing was fabulous and fun as both Richard Lane and George Herman joined Daryl on stage.  Not to be outdone, new caller Janienne Alexander called a tip and Randy Lewis helped Yvonne with the cueing. Our minds and feet really got a work out.  Did I mention the soups?  Brothy, creamy, meaty, vegan, the variety was amazing and it was all delicious.  Everyone was encouraged to go back and sample everything. This menu may be a keeper.

As the month wound down and we headed into the holidays, the Hoedowners reached out to help the Aloha Grange with their Christmas Adopted Family.  Packages and bags, gift cards and cash have been appearing to help fulfill the wish list of this family.  This has become an annual event that reminds us sharing and giving is infectious.

January’s calendar is bursting with events.  On the 9th is our Black and White Sparkle Dance.  The ballroom literally shimmers as the ballroom is transformed with sparkling lights and decorations.  It’s a great way to kick off the 2016.  

On January 23rd we’ll be rounding everyone up for our Wild West Chuck Wagon Dance.  YeeHa!  And of course we’re looking forward to seeing all your faces at the year’s Sweet 16 Mid-Winter Festival.

We wish you and yours peace and contentment, the spirit of joy, wonder and the opportunity to be thankful for our blessings.  

Krystal Laas
