Chaps and Petticoats is DARK for the summer months of July and August.  Though we are not hosting dances, it certainly is not "lazy days of summer" for us.

On July 20th, our members set-up a canopy-covered food booth at Rivenes Park during the HOP Festival in Hubbard.  Our booth was buzzing with thirsty people - wanting Elephant Ears, Specialty Coffee Drinks and Italian Sodas.  The HOP Fest is an annual event for the Chaps and Petticoats; the funds raised support our lessons come September.  We thank Vicki, our Treasurer and Marketing Chair, for organizing this event.

Did you attend the Summer Festival at the Blanchet Catholic School in Salem the weekend of July 19-21?  Chaps and Petticoats had only a handful of members there (different days), as our food-booth fundraiser took priority.  Thank goodness it was local - and kudos to the months of work put forth by very caring organizers and planners.   IF you missed Summer Festival this year, mark your calendars, and keep Summer Festival alive by traveling to the coast:  see you at the Seaside Convention Center in 2020, August 21-23.  

Chaps and Petticoats will attend Valley River Dancers, "Dance Under the Stars" dance, in Newberg on July 26th.  This is a "knock your socks off" event ... fun, fun, fun!  You dance outside, on a tennis court coated with pulverized rubber (wear old shoes, things get a little dusty), the stars are out and you see oh-so-many friends - you can't quit smilin.'

Care to join us on August 12th at 10:00AM as we dance on the Portland Area Council's (PAC) trailer in the Aurora Colony Days Parade (on Main Street at the Aurora Park)?  Stay the evening as their "Back to the Park" theme is continued with live music from 5:30-10:00PM at the Amphitheater. 

Our Summer fun is not over yet!  We will perform a Square Dance exhibition and audience teach on August 17th at the Clackamas County Fair, Grove Stage, at noon - come cheer us on.

WE will offer Round Lesson in Cha-Cha, taught by Connie Clark, each Sunday beginning Sept. 15th from 4:00-5:30PM (see our lesson Flyer).  Are you interested - please contact Betty Chipps, as we need 13 students to hold this class.  WE will also offer two-FREE  Mainstream lessons, on Sept. 15th & Sept. 22th, from 6-8pm at the Maplewood Grange in Aurora.  Yes we will need Angels - and Angels dance for FREE throughout our Mainstream lesson weeks.

Chaps and Petticoats will host a Trails End Dance on SEPT 6th with Scott Zinser, Calling and Dave Cooper, as Cuer - this event precedes the weekend when Portland Area Council (PAC) will host the State Federation meeting and dance at the Maplewood Grange, SEPT 7-8th.  
See you in a square !

Happy Feet,
Betty Chipps