In July Single Trees had our club picnic as well as our one dance of the month on the 16th.  Both were well attended considering the times.

In August we had our one dance of the month on Aug. 27 with Darrell Kalmbach calling and Sandra Pinion cueing.  Darrel was calling to the floor of two squares, most of whom were plus dances and thus good help to some of our mainstream dancers who are catching up.  He was terrific as always.  We appreciate his being willing to come such a long distance to call for us.  Sandra said she had not cued in a year and a half but hadn’t lost any of her skills.  She has great timing and a clear voice.  She also drove a long way to cue for us, and we are so appreciative.  It would have been nicer to have more  squares and round dancers on the floor, but with the rise in COVID-19 cases in southern Oregon and Lane County in particular many opted to stay home and be safe.  

We hope to hold our regular 4th Friday dance on September 24 with Jim Hattrick calling and Jackie Gale cueing as long as everyone feels safe in attending.  The numbers are not dropping and of course the fear is that after Labor Day the numbers might increase.  Wait and see. 

We have changed our format and will begin with 15 minutes of round dancing from 7:30 to 7:45 followed by 15 minutes of plus.  Mainstream will begin at 8 with every third tip plus until 10PM when we close up.  We hope to see more members and more square dancing friends out to join us if we have our Sept. 24th dance.  Masks or face shields must be worn until the Governor change the mandate.  Thanks, everyone, for your support!

We are also hoping to see more dancing at the Emerald Dance Center in October if Roger Putzler gets his lessons started on Tuesdays at 7PM.  There are lots of people waiting to get into our activity, and we hope to see a good class out as well as many angels seeking to brush up their skills after a long time not dancing.   Roger is also hoping to offer another mainstream dance the 1st Friday of every month as well as a plus dance the second Friday of every month.  Again much will depend on the number of cases of COVID-19.  Stay tuned.

Gaynor Hintz