 January was damp, wet and soggy.  Thank heavens Hoedowners had no outdoor activities planned.  We did kick off 2020 with a New Year’s Eve Resolutions Dance on January 11th.  The dance was a success, the New Year’s resolutions not so much.  
We were dark for the 2020 Mid-Winter festival Diamonds of Dance.  The Hoedowner activities began on Friday with many members donning the fluorescent green vests of the 2020 Summer Festival crew.  The vests were spotted at the Summer Festival table and on the dance floors.  Speaking of dance floor did you see the promotional skit for 2020 Summer Festival on Friday night?  There was a girl in a bikini, a surfer dude, ocean waves, volleyball, a lifeguard, a shark, shoppers walking on the Seaside’s prom, singers and Beach Boys music, all the result of Sally Duyck’s creative talents.
On Friday evening we discovered Albany’s new, romantic spot for dinner.  All 26 who attended raved about the food and ambiance.  After the dance, Hoedowner’s enjoyed their usual post party event in the Hoedowner Party Room.  On Saturday we saw a bit of sunshine and many hours of dancing.  We were tickled to see some of our new student members enjoying the new dancer and mainstream halls.  We all had a chance to dance with our own Daryl Clendenin.
For Saturday dinner we all gathered at the Cascade Grill, so close and so easy to get back to watch the Showcase of Rounds.  Six of our members, Randy Lewis, Deb Olson, David Boultinghouse, Sarah Richmond, Dennis and Doreen Laughlin, were participants.  We snapped our annual club photo in the mainstream hall at 8 pm.  How did we close out the weekend? We gathered in the Hoedowner Party Room for snacks and beverages until the wee hours.  Hope you didn’t miss a minute.
Our last new dancer lesson of the 2019-2020 season was Tuesday, January 28th.  We handed out diplomas, nibbled on treats but most importantly we had our Hoedowner Poker Run. Who won?  Debra Welch had worst hand which always earns a prize.  High hand prize bundles included a coffee basket with a Starbucks gift card, a movie basket with four movie tickets, a square dance bundle with vintage drinking glasses (so darn cute), and an evening at home basket with puzzle and treats.  
Looking ahead on March 14, we’ll have our Mr. Potato Head Dance and as shocking as it may seem, we’ll be holding a baked potato bar after the dance.
March Madness will be going on all month so on the 28th of March when we’ll have our Sport Night Dance.  Come dressed in your favorite team’s gear.  Soccer, football, or your favorite Little League team, we don’t care as long as they’re your favorite.
  Krystal Laas
