 The Council encourages all dancers to attend the anniversary dances of member clubs and we have four coming up.  On the 22nd of February the Hoedowners will celebrate their 70th at the Aloha Grange.  On February 28th the Valley River Dancers will celebrate their 20th Anniversary at the Chehalem Community Center in Newberg.  On the 14th of March the Columbia River Dancers will have their 5th Anniversary Dance at the Hazel Dell Grange in Vancouver.  Then on the 28th the R Square D will celebrate their 67th at the Kelso Senior Center in Kelso.  See the individual club reports below for additional details.
 The annual TVC Presidents Meeting & Potluck was held on the evening of January 27th.  Sixty one dancers, many having just returned from Mid-Winter, attended the event honoring current and past club Presidents.  Well over half of those present stood when current or previous club presidents were asked to do so. The TVC wishes to thank all the presidents of the TVC Clubs for volunteering their time and efforts into this activity we all love.  TVC President, Mike St. Clair, announced the recipient of the Tualatin Valley Council “Recognition Award” for 2019. This award is presented annually for outstanding service and special contribution to the square dance community within the TVC geographical area. The TVC Recognition Award for 2019 was presented to Ken and Dianne Pratt.  The award was determined before the passing of Ken Prattt on New Years Day.  The moment was bittersweet and tearful as Dianne received the award on behalf of herself and her late husband.
 Since the OFN is published around the 20th of February, you still have time to plan on attending the TVC fifth Saturday Dance, "Celebrate Winter Ending".  It will be held at the Aloha Grange on February 29th.  This dance will feature Adam Christman calling and Joyce Hooper cueing.  The dance begins at 7:30 with pre rounds, then  8:00 to 10:00 mainstream with every third tip plus.  This dance is co-hosted by the M 'n M's.
  Ferrous Steinka
