     One of the things that makes square dancing fun for most dancers is the challenge of learning new moves or of having a familiar move called from a different or unexpected position. Having a creative caller like Jim Hattrick keeps the Happy Hoppers learning and experiencing new dance moves and doing familiar ones from different positions.  Such fun!  

     However, during the past month we have been challenged to learn a number of new things.  Whoever heard of “social distancing” or “self-quarantine” before the coronavirus became a part of our lives? 

     Happily, though, we have also discovered some positive things.  With emails, text messages and phone calls between friends, we have been reminded how much our members care about each other.  When we were unable to hold our normal club elections, ballots were mailed to members and the response far exceeded expectations. Voting by mail works!  When the board needed to meet to resolve some important issues, our secretary and his wife introduced the board to Zoom.  It was a new experience for most of the board members, but it resulted in a successful meeting where the needed discussions took place and the issues were settled.  Now those board members who were unaware of the potentials of internet meetings are pretty pleased with themselves and the experience.

     Unfortunately, while the Hoppers have found some things to feel positive about, we still miss the together time we have with our friends when we are attending dances and events.  Currently we are on hold waiting to feel confident that it is safe to once again square dance.  Our lessons and dances have been suspended indefinitely.  We are hopeful that by September we will be able to resume our lesson schedule.  Perhaps before September it will once again be safe to resume regular dances and other activities that our club members enjoy participating in together. Until then, we hope all of our square dance friends remain safe and well and that we will see each other again when this virus has subsided.

Jean Tolstrup