Late Fall is special.  It's a time to take stock, give thanks for the bounty we share, and maybe dance a bit.  The Happy Hoppers are thankful for the community that we have within our club, the extended community within our region, and for our ability to help keep alive this great American traditional dance form.  We are surrounded by excellence.  We have a first class venue, an outstanding caller/cuer in Jim Hattrick, and a spirit of cooperation second to none.  It's Thanksgiving time and we give thanks for our blessings.

It's been a momentous election season, with a new POTUS being chosen this month.  It's an unwritten rule that we don't talk politics, which can be divisive.  Rather, we focus on what brings us together.  The Happy Hoppers have meticulously followed that rule.  My personal thanks to my fellow club members for keeping the noise in the background!

We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive experience.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.  Square dance lessons for new beginners will start on Monday, November 7th at the Clark County Square Dance Center.

On Monday, October 24th, our semi-annual used clothing sale will take place starting at 6:30.  There are always some great bargains to be had.

We will have a club dine-out on Wednesday, October 26th, at Gustav's, 1705 SE 164th Avenue, at 6:00.  If you'd like to join us, please get in touch with Melissa James, so that she can let the restaurant know how many to expect.

The Happy Hoppers will have a banner-snatching visitation at the Columbia River Dancers' "The Beatles Dance" on Saturday, November 12th, at the Hazel Dell Grange.  Mark Wheeler and Julie Stiers will do the honors.  You'd better come because "I Wanna Hold Your Hand".

We usually have Plus dances on the first and third Saturdays of the month at the Clark County Square Dance Center, with our club caller/cuer, Jim Hattrick, but this month, it's different.  We're going to be Dark on November 5th, deferring to the "Royal Romp", but back at it on the 19th.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with squares at 8:00.  

Marc Kahn
