September slipped by so quickly, one moment Labor Day is approaching, the next, fall rains return.  I always feel it’s the sight of the school bus that signals the days to shorten and the nights to cool.  We wanted to mark the return of the school year with our Back to School Sock Hop on the 10th.  Thanks to all the Valley Squares who joined us on the floor.
 We started out fall lessons on Wednesday, September 21st.  This year we’ve added a new wrinkle, while new students are learning in their squares, our Angels are forming up and learning all position in squares toward the back.  What a kick!  If you’re interested in joining us and learning the “other role”, stop in on Wednesdays at 7.
 September 17th we had a visitation to the Toe Dragger’s for their Anniversary Dance.  They’re always a fun group to join.  Their decorations were fabulous, and so was the food!
 September 24th was our Celebrate the Harvest Dance and it did feel like harvest was in the air.  The buffet table was filled with fall produce; tomatoes and corn are two favored fresh sweet treats.  The Country Cutups had a great visitation, took home a vintage banner and jazzed up the evening.  We had two other visitors that evening; Dietmar Neuger of the Silver Kiners and Monika Bolman from Nugold Valley.  Are the club names new to you?  Both dancers are from Germany and arranged to dance with us before they continued on their travels through the USA.  Of course their conversational English was excellent and the our common language of square dance calls made them square up and dance all night without a hitch.
 On November 12th we’ll be having our infamously famous Turkey Toss Dance.  This is your opportunity to prove your prowess with a bean bag and to take home a turkey for the holidays. Unpredictable hilarity and prizes to boot don’t miss it!  
 November 26th is our Soup Night Dance and although this is the Saturday after Thanksgiving, we promise there will be multiple choices besides turkey.
  Krystal Laas
