One of the successes of our club is that River City Dancers love to angel.  I attribute their affection and attendance to making my partner, Rocky Curtis, such an enthusiastic and successful dancer.  Plus, our caller, Les Seeley and his frequent calling partner, Rene’ Rudd, add to the success of our classes.  This year, we have around a dozen students.

I hear our Caller Selection Committee is hard at work.  They’re expecting to begin the formal process of presenting possibilities to River City members for feedback starting February, 2017.  I’m hoping that callers who feel inspired will step up and express their interest.

Change is always difficult when replacing the old with the new.  Since my husband, Leonard, and I, began dancing in 1975, there have been countless changes.  First to my mind is the cost of square dancing.  When we began, door cost was only $5.00 PER COUPLE!  That included a dance that ended at midnight.  Afterward, we often would join the other dancers for pizza and not get home till after 2:00 a.m.  Usually, there was a huge potluck at break.  How did we do it?

Prairie skirts were frequently frowned on.  All of us ladies were expected to wear fluffy petticoats and pantyhose and all the rest, of course, no matter how high the ambient temperature or how sticky the humidity.  I cannot remember any hall where we enjoyed air conditioning, either, although fans were propped everywhere, sometimes tripping out the caller’s sound equipment circuits.

Yes, those were the “good old days”, but the “good old days” didn’t include highlights like the all day September 10th “Mob Squad” bus trip to the Washington State Fair in Puyallup.  Another modern day “plus” are emailed newsletters, with plenty of color photos (courtesy of our beloved photographer, Jolene Cummings, and inspired newsletter editors, Phillip and Michelle Wood).

I don’t think I’ve mentioned this before, but many years ago I was editor of our club newsletter, when it was literally, “Cut and Paste”, and everything had to travel by “snail mail”, and our club president wasn’t much for spelling or expressing himself.  I was a busy “snipper”.

Plans are in the works for River City Dancers’ New Year’s Eve extravaganza, Mardi Gras, and before then Seaside Sashay and our annual Beach Trip at Landmark Inn at Lincoln City.  

New friends, new dancers, new callers.  Square dancing is smaller, but still very good, the best social event you can find!
