It’s time to put away the long days of summer, finish up the last of the garden, and put on your dancing shoes.  Even with the busyness of the end of summer R Square D had an active September.
 On September 9th the theme was Crazy Necktie Dance, with caller Craig Abercrombie and Guest callers Tim Kayne from Molalla, OR and Egan also from Molalla, OR Cuer: Lonnie Sycks.
 We enjoyed many visiting dancers from Harbor Haylofters, Cougar Squares, Happy Hoppers, Ruff and Ruffles, Floor dusters-Molalla, OR, Rosetown Ramblers and Country Cutups.  Neckties were flying as 5 squares filled the floor for most of the dance.
 The Harvest Dance was on September 24th.  Craig Abercrombie and his good friend Al Frazier called and Lonnie Sykes did the cueing.  Thank You Al!  The club was really excited with all the visitors that came to join us in dance.  We welcomed Happy Hoppers, Columbia River Dancers, Prairie Steppers, Cougar Squares, Ruff and Ruffles and Harbor Haylofter’s.  Some of the evening found 7 squares on the floor enjoying the dance of the harvest.  Finger foods were served and a good time was had by all.
 September 19th was our club meeting at Dick and Sandy Sims home with pot luck, we then moved to the Rose Valley grange to prepare for our big event of the year, Octoberfest.  It was September 30 to October 2nd.  I hope you were able to attend.
 November finds R Square D honoring our Veterans with a Veterans Day dance on the 11th; all veterans get into the dance for free that night.  We close out the month on the 26th with the uplifting sounds of a good old Gospel dance.  We are really looking forward to this one.
 Fall Lessons: These will start on Wednesday, October 19th. Plus 6:30-7:30; Basic 7:30-9:00; Mainstream 9-9:30. Lessons will be Dark on 11/23, 12/21 and 12/28. Please join us as we welcome our new dancers. 
 For more information about the R Square D club please visit our website at www.r-square-d.info or friend us on Facebook.  Our Caller for R Square D is Craig Abercrombie and our cuer is Lonnie Sycks.  
  Marie Geisler 
