October 21st, the Toe Draggers will be dancing at the Odd Fellows Hall in Hillsboro (267 East Main Street, Hillsboro).  Costumes will be welcome.
 During the month of November, the Toe Draggers will be collecting canned or nonperishable foods to donate to the Kinton Grange for their food baskets for local families.  Please bring a can or two when you visit the Toes.  Our first dance of the month will be our popular all George Strait, Singing Calls and Western Stampede & Chili Feed Dance.  We will have several homemade varieties of chili for you to enjoy with your corn bread. Come and taste them all.  On November 18th, we will have a Harvest Festival Dance, celebrating the start of the holiday season with good friends, music, and food.  
 The Toe Draggers’ new dancers’ jamboree will be November 20th, from 2:00-4:00 pm.  Bring your students and hop on over to the Kinton Grange and dance the afternoon away.  Square Dancing will be to the floor level of the students.  Bev will be cueing level 2 & 3 rounds.
 For over 60 years, the Kinton Grange has put on a turkey dinner with all of the trimmings the last Sunday in October.  This year, the Kinton Grange is entering a new era.  On Sunday, October 30th, from noon until 4:00 pm, the Kinton Grange and their friends from the Toe Draggers, Boy Scouts, and Brookhaven Bazaar will be putting on a Fall Feast with sausage, sauerkraut, German potato salad, green beans, applesauce, rolls, and dessert.
 The Fall Feast is one of the Kinton Grange’s major fundraisers.  Adults over the age of 12 are $15, children between the ages of 4-12 are $5, and toddlers under the age of 4 are free.  For people who find stairs difficult, the Kinton Grange has an ADA-compliant elevator.  If you want to use the drive through to order your dinner, stop by and say hi to the Toes on duty.  The Toes will be back in the drive up area. Drive-through dinners will be available for $15 per dinner.  Other events going on during the dinner include a canned food drive for local families in need, a quilt raffle, live music, photo booth and more.
  Kathy Roberts
