As I look back on the whirl wind that was September, I can honestly say I don’t know that Hoedowners have ever been so busy.
 On the 9th, Hoedowners joined Eager Beavers in a square dance demo at the Cedar Mill Farmer’s Market, entertaining their shoppers.  The weather was splendid and dancers and shoppers seemed to enjoy the demo.  Thanks to Lane Clem for calling.
 On the evening of September 9th we held our Back to School Sock Hop where dancers were asked to bring school supplies to be donated.  It was a special treat to have Rikki Lubats of the Grants Pass Charlie Brown Squares join Daryl on the stage to call.
 September 10th was our annual Dinner Out where we have a chance to catch up on everyone’s summer activities and adventures.  It is a wonderful evening to relax, visit with friends and gear up for fall.
 Our fall lessons kicked off on September 13th.  We are so blessed to have a large, exciting, and engaged class.  They’re learning quickly and waiting to tackle their first dance!  Thanks to our Angels who are investing in our new dancers.  We’re still practicing trying to learn all those names.
 Sept 23rd was our Farmer’s Market Dance.  Dancers were largely split into two groups; those who dressed as day time farmers in work clothes and those who dressed as farmers heading to an old fashioned barn dance.  Glad to see both interpretations.  Our buffet table was laden with food fresh from the garden.  Steaming corn on the cob is always a hit, fruit desserts and tomatoes were favorites. 
 Remember, Hoedowners will be dark on October 28th for the Seaside Sashay.  Hope we see you across a Square at the Seaside Convention Center!  If you are not going to Seaside, Daryl is having a Plus dance at the Aloha grange that night, 7 to 9:30.
 Don’t forget the famous, infamous, take home a prize, Annual Hoedowner Turkey Toss which takes place November 11th.  Ever tossed a 15 pound frozen turkey?  Well, we haven’t either and will provide bean bags for the tossin’ and turkeys for the takin’ home.
 Our dance on November 25th will offer a respite from the traditional Thanksgiving menu by hosting a soup dance.  We’ll help you get moving after the Thanksgiving feast and ready to prepare for the holidays.
  Krystal Laas
