November, where has 2017 gone? It sure has been filled with good dances and lots of fun people.  And still some to go this year!!!  Check all the fliers at the front of this magazine.
            Along with our regular dances on the 2nd and 4th Saturdays, we will be meeting to eat and have fun.  We are going to have a Mexican theme pot-luck followed by an evening of Mexican Train.  If you have a set of Train dominoes, could you please diminish them to a 12 set and bring them.  The more sets we have, the less people at each table.  So bring some food and come have some fun.  If you don't know how to play; come anyway and we will teach you how to play.  Come and have fun and we may do it again and again.
            The New Dancer class is having a Thanksgiving dinner and we hope you all come out to dine and dance.  Our class is busy and still has over a dozen New Dancers.  Frances is doing a great job as Class Co-ordinator .
            A Big Thank You goes out to Roberta and Maxine for bringing in some nice items to be used as Door Prizes.  We sure could use some more help in this department.  I know many of you are clever and talented and we sure would like to give away some of your special gifts.  Just bring them to a dance or a meeting or our Mexican Train Night...
            The New Year's Eve Dance will be on New Year's Eve and there will be dining and dancing and we will celebrate Midnight with New York, New York.    So midnight will be at 9PM Oregon Time.  Mark it on your calendars and we will see you there.
            I know that I have probably forgotten something again...seems like I always remember just after SEND.   Oh well, next month!
            Wait I Remembered...Both are celebrations!  Don't forget that there will be cake and Ice Cream for all in attendance to celebrate November birthdays and anniversaries at our 2nd Saturday Mainstream Dance and Dann and Fay are throwing a 50th  Anniversary bash in our hall on Sunday November 05 from 4 PM to 8 PM. See the flyer for details!!!
            AND the slightly worn and offered for sale square dance clothes sale will begin on Nov 9th and end on the 22nd; so bring in your used clothes

Star thru...........

mmoody0814@yahoo.com