Wish to express a big thank you to the Hahn’s and crew who, despite the high heat, provided a much-enjoyed dance, for Chaps and Petticoats, on August 21st in Banks.  A special appreciation goes out to Darrell Kalmback and Tami Helms for staying hydrated, despite the hot stage, and keeping our dances lively.

Did you get to enjoy the Clackamas County Fair (AUG 16-20) or dance at the Oregon State Fair (AUG 30 & SEPT 3rd)?  The Chaps & Petticoats provided square dance entertainment at the County Fair, in Canby, on August 17 and Scott Zinser did an audience teach, on stage, with two squares … lots of smiles were seen on the youth dancers especially.  Thank you, everyone, who volunteered for this event.  The Grange Cookies and the vendor foods were yummy as well.

Some of the Chaps and Petticoats attended the “Labor Day” weekend event in Port Orford at the Beachcombers’ Cove.  What a jam-packed weekend of fun, with approx. 100 in attendance.  Friday, we had a BBQ, danced squares called by KC Curtis and Dave Cooper was accompanied by Ron (from Central Oregon) on fiddle during some Rounds.  Saturday morning began with dancing-in-the-surf, guys made pies in the afternoon, potluck dinner was served, KC Curtis was on harmonica and our entertainer calling squares, and Cooper (with Ron) cued  lively “fiddle-stepping” Rounds while the baked-pies and Kathy Roberts' hand-crafted gifts, were part of a silent-auction fundraiser.… sweet!  

Wait, wait … there’s more:  Sunday opened with Beachcomber’s breakfast (pancakes/eggs), dinner was potluck, Terry Halley called squares and challenged us with “Grand Blossom” and what was dessert? ... Pie with home-made ice-cream!.  Monday morning was the send-off:  Cinnamon rolls served … Thank you, to the Coopers and crew.

Chaps and Petticoats will continue SD lessons at Maplewood Grange each Sunday, starting September 25th.  Just as a precaution, please do call (503) 806-5654 to confirm the lessons (as turn out, after COVID’s reign, is still unknown).

Happy Feet, 
Betty Chipps