Single Trees had our last dance July 16, a third Friday as Diamond Lake was on the 4th Friday and several of our members were headed there.  We had Terry Halley calling and Jackie Gale cueing that night to over three squares in the hall.  We followed our normal format of plus at 7:30 and mainstream from 8-10PM.  We did not take a break but members had provided refreshments and many did sit out a tip in order to take a break and chat with friends.  There were a few who wore their crazy t-shirts—perhaps more will next year as we intend to have the same theme next July.

In July the weekend before our dance on the 9th we held our annual club picnic at Suzanne Peterson’s country park like property off Seavey Loop Rd.  We had barbecued hamburgers and hot dogs with side dishes and desserts provided by members. It was a lot of fun and very relaxing eating and talking under the shade of Suzanne’s tall trees.  Some of us took the opportunity to pick blueberries which Suzanne always has a super abundance of in July.  

In early August we were saddened when we learned that one of our long time members, David Hahn, had passed away after developing double pneumonia.  Dave had not been able to dance with us for some time but had come out with his wife Sharon last September to enjoy our outdoor get together.  A Celebration of Life will be held at our hall in Springfield on Saturday, Aug. 28, from 2-4PM. 

In August on the 27, a fourth Friday, Darrell Kalmbach will call and Jackie Gale will cue.  Due to the new mandates announced on Aug. 11 no food will be provided on the break bar nor will we serve coffee or tea.  Dancers are urged to bring their own beverage and snacks if they need them.  Also masks will be required.  We will observe the same format with 7:30 plus and 8-10 mainstream.

Starting in September at our Sept. 24, 4th Friday dance, we will be changing our format: 7:30 pre-rounds; 7:45 plus; 8-10 mainstream with every third tip plus.  Jim Hattrick will be calling that dance for us along with Jackie Gale, cueing.

Please come out and dance with us.  We would love to see you in one of our squares.

Gaynor Hintz