Some of our club members were able to get away to the Seaside Sashay where our caller, Randy Dibble was featured.  This annual weekend at the beach is always a fun festival, but most of the time the weekend falls on a Friday that we dance and so it has been difficult for us to attend the festival.  Some of what we love about this Seaside festival is getting to dance at the turnaround and enjoy the beach, Debbie Taylor's cueing and great callers, and those scrumptious Pig 'N Pancake breakfasts!  The weather was spotty with some rain, but we lucked out during dance times and some of us managed to make it around town and get all our stamps in the scavenger hunt (Passport Promenade) by the deadline, and our club cuer, Leonard Snodgrass, won the big $50 gift certificate prize!  This festival has so many fun door prizes you don't see at other festivals.  Leonard has a long list of Seaside stores where he can redeem that gift certificate and he has until the first weekend in December to make it back.

On Tuesday evenings, 6:30-8 p.m. Mainstream lessons, taught by Randy Dibble continue, as well as our Advanced lessons from 8-9:30 p.m.

On Monday evenings our Round Dance program, taught by Leonard Snodgrass, continues currently with Phase III Waltz taught from 6:30-8 p.m. and also beginning Cha Cha, 8-9 p.m.  If you've had these rhythms before but need to review, we have room for you to come join us.  Cost is $8 for one class and $12 if you take both.  Both programs are scheduled to continue into the new year. 

Valley River Dancers will have their Mainstream Gospel dance on 4th Friday, November 25th.  Here is the twist--it's the day after Thanksgiving, Black Friday, so come to the dance wearing Black! 

In December we look forward to our 4th Friday Mainstream dance (December 23rd) which is both our Christmas gift exchange and also our New Beginner dance.  This is a fun night you won't want to miss.  Bring your new dancers and a wrapped gift for each person (valued at $5) for the game that will be played.    Looking ahead to next month, our 2nd Friday Plus dance in January will be our Wintery White Out dance.  Come join us on Friday, January 13th wearing white.

Josie Rosenbury