We were off to a good start this New Year dancing on January 2nd at the Aloha Grange.  Then Mother Nature took over and dumped snow everywhere which cancelled out the next two Mondays.  On the forth Monday we had a big crowd of dancers and visitors making sure they had not forgotten everything.  We also had cookie day and you know how food attracts.  Technically it is our monthly meeting but we all call it cookie day. 
 MidWinter Festival was enjoyed by a total of 34 Eager Beavers members including our club callers.  Festival featured callers Mike Seastrom and Hunter Keller were excellent as were the cuers, Sharon and Casey Parker.  There were some guest callers as well as The Crew who filled the Plus hall during their hour.  There was a Last Square Standing event which showed we mostly dance for fun, not to execute every call perfectly.  Then everyone enjoyed a young dancers choreographed demonstration which was breathtaking. 
  We are not surprised that one member, who certainly deserves the honor, was awarded the TVC Recognition Award for 2016.  Congratulations to Nan Overall for her hard work and support of three different clubs: Eager Beavers, Hoedowners, and Sunset Promenaders.  She faithfully writes, edits, and delivers the Beaver Log to us every Cookie Day.  She also keeps track of and recruits members.  Then she often brings snacks and goodies to us.  She has been a pillar of the club for more years than I have been dancing.  I do not know how she does it all. 
 Our Plus Lessons are continuing.  Now is a good time to join in and brush up on your plus.  I have danced for years but I find something new to me at the classes.  Class time is 12:00 to 1:15 p.m.  For $4 you get a good workout.
 Daylight Savings time ends on March 12th so move your clock one hour ahead on Saturday night so you are not late for Sunday events and our Monday dance.  St. Patrick’s Day is March 17th so you can wear your green on the 20th which is also the first day of spring.  I will be happy to see spring arrive.  
 Plan ahead to attend the Eager Beaver Anniversary Dance on Sunday, April 23rd, at the IOOF Hall in Hillsboro.
 We dance on most holidays.  Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, 1:15 to 3:00 p.m., at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  Most holidays we dance at Aloha Grange.
 Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club.
  Rachel Nettleton
