January made December look positively placid in the weather department.  Who could have guessed that more cancellations were coming?  On Wednesday, January 11th the Hoedowners were forced to cancel our new dancer class as the metropolitan area roads were covered with snow.  Because the main thoroughfares were clear, the Hoedowners planned to hold our annual Black and White Sparkle Ball as scheduled on January 14th but the parking lot at the Aloha Grange was a glazed sheet of ice that no amount of salt or shoveling could improve so we had to cancel again!  With most of the snow and ice gone, about 2 squares of Hoedowners invaded the Sunset Promenaders for their Western Dance and chili feed on the 21st.  Finally normal weather and schedule returned so we concentrated on getting our new dancers up to speed and ready for Mid-Winter Festival.  This year we have a marvelous class; all ages, quick learners, and enthusiastically fun.
 January 23rd was the Tualatin Valley Council’s President’s Dinner and much to everyone’s delight our own Nan Overall received the 2016 TVC Recognition Award.  We can’t claim all the credit as Nan belongs to Eager Beavers and Sunset Promenaders as well.  She’s always ready to dance, always with a smile and, in case you didn’t know, a rabid and aggressive pinochle player.  Congratulations Nan.
 January 27th thru 29th was the 2017 Shootin’ for the Moon Mid-Winter Festival.  This weekend is one of the Hoedowner’s favorites for dancing and social activities.  49 Hoedowners attended part or all of the weekend and I hope I didn’t forget anyone.  We kicked off the weekend with dinner Friday night, dancing and a post-party at the Hoedowner Hideaway.  Saturday morning the dance floor called our names with side excursions to the Carousal Museum and Hobby Lobby.  Saturday evening with dined together again, had a group picture (now that was hard getting everyone in) and another post-function at the Hoedowner Hideaway.  It’s a once a year weekend to greet old and new friends, shop a bit and have opportunities to hear our own Daryl and Yvonne Clendenin as well as new callers, new cuers and new music.  It was another resounding success and our sincere thanks to the organizing committee.
 What’s in the Hoedowner future?  On March 11th we’re having our Mr. Potato Head Dance with a baked potato bar to follow.  The Potato Head family has spread their wings over the years and has left the modest homburg, mustaches and high heels behind.  You can find them decked out in all sorts of outfits; super heroes, mermaids, storm troopers, pirates, moms and dads.  We encourage you to come dressed as your favorite Potato Head.
 March 25th will be our Spring Fling Dance and aren’t we looking forward to warmer weather, blossoming flowers and blessed sunshine?  You bet!
  Krystal Laas
