As I write, the dreary month of February, 2017, has arrived, and with it, a much anticipated and dreaded change for River City Dancers:  the retirement of our caller couple, Les and Paula Seeley.

Knowing Les for so long, as I do, I anticipate that his retirement will be of a semi state, because he is the kind of guy who is always doing a project of some kind, and I am sure he will be invited to guest call in their new home state of Arizona, and that’s OK, because we want them to continue with a good life, and return healthy and happy to guest call around the “frozen” tundra of the north as he has promised, here at River City.

River City Dancers will be facing some big changes, but I’m sure that our President Couple, Larry and Penny Crow and their Board, along with our membership, the future will continue to be bright.  I plan to have news about our changes in next month’s report.  In the meantime, Renee’ Rudd has graciously offered to teach “make-up” lessons for the four days that have been missed during our ice and snow cancelled Sundays.

A couple of other changes that we sadly face are the loss of two of our beloved couples for multiple reasons:  they are Jim and Nita Jenkins; plus Julius Smith and his partner, Phyllis Baldwin.

We tremendously enjoyed our New Year’s Eve Mardi Gras Dance, headed by Nancy and Keith Day, Barbara and David Schmidt; and catered byTop of the Hill Restaurant, located south of Canby.

River City Dancers all enjoyed MidWinter Festival in Albany at the end of January.  We appreciate the hard work, dedication, and talent of those who put it on.  Thank You!

Now for a couple of “grumbles” on my part.

1.)    Parking at MidWinter was awful, particularly Saturday evening.  No doubt we had to walk a good half mile in the dark, in the rain, and on the gravel, because the lot was so full, I would say primarily because of the “Monster Truck” rally that same night.  We noted that many of the presumed attendees also drove monster, beautiful pickups, where a single truck occupied two or three spaces.  Possibly they don’t trust their fellows to respect their door spaces.  In any case, if this happens again, I suggest that Linn County recruit or hire a “parker” so parking will not be so wasteful, or schedule the Monster Trucks or other such popular events at another time.

2.)    Rocky and I just came home from the third dance with an empty parking lot that had been cancelled at the last minute this last month, including our own dance.  Of course, we were all dressed up, etc.  I’m not criticizing the cancellation itself, because good sense and caution prevailed and I’m good with that.  In these days of superb communication, however, I believe we need to establish a better mechanism for last minute, immediate communication, because the situations can so numerous; everything from snow to excessive heat to caller illness to broken pipes or furnaces.  I am thinking perhaps a Facebook page, coded so hackers cannot access it, that club officers could post such non-events the very latest.  I personally know email is not a good option, as I am one of those people who get dozens every day and often don’t have much time to scroll through a bunch of junk before we leave.

Grumble!  Grumble!   There, I’ve said it all.  Thanks all, for listening.

With that, many hugs!  Hope to see you soon in a square!

Nancy Thornton
