Our slate of officers were elected in April.  We thank the following people who step up to keep the club functioning:  Sally and Mike Dyke - Presidents; Karen and Ferrous Steinka -Vice Presidents; Joanne Switzer - Treasurer;  Secretary - Marguerite Morin;  TVC delegates - Leslie Tallman and John Semm.  Be sure to thank them and consider volunteering for one of the many jobs that keep your club at its best. 
 I found out it depends on who is counting the number of dancers at our Anniversary Dance.  It was either eighty five or ninety three from two reliable sources.  The Hoedowners and the Sunset Promenaders took home banners.  Everyone enjoyed the “crock pot bonanza during the open break.  Direct quote heard from a guy who keeps his comments understated and to the point, “Pretty good dance”.
 Our Plus classes are almost finished and we have certainly enjoyed newcomers who are adding to the fun of square dancing.  I hope they enjoyed us. Welcome these new plus dancers at your club. 
 June is the time to smell the flowers and mow the grass, enjoy the long warm days, outside picnics, pick the strawberries, pull the weeds, and wish it would rain again as you water your flowers. Father’s Day seems to be the forgotten holiday but what do you do for Father’s Day? Flowers? Cake? Candy?  I do not think Dad can resist strawberry shortcake.  It is the month of multiple graduations and weddings.  Also, the beginning of Summer with the longest day of the year June 21st.  
 NOTE: We will be dancing at the Aloha Grange  Monday June 24th. 
 Plan ahead to support your local clubs and for some good dancing.  New Dancers’ MS Jamboree, Valley Squares at Aloha Grange, June 4th: TVC Hahn Barn, Picnic and Dance Potluck starts at 6:00, June 29th; Summer Festival in Salem - July 19th-21st;
 We dance on most holidays. Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, 1:00 - 3:00, at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Portland.  Please check for up to date information at www.EagerBeavers.info.
  Rachel Nettleton