	From sorting food for a local food bank to dining out together at a Mexican restaurant to celebrating our 60th anniversary the Hoppers have had a busy and fun filled several weeks.  

	For many years the Hoppers have helped sort donated food at a local food bank, FISH of Vancouver. In mid-April about 20 of our members spent three hours sorting approximately 5000 pounds of food into appropriate categories.  The space we work in is a little tight, but being accomplished square dancers, we know how to dance around each other as we sort and move the donated food into boxes based on food categories such as fruit, soup, vegetables, etc.  There is always much teasing, laughter, and fellowship as we work together to help our neighbors in need.

	The next week over 20 of our members gathered together so share a meal at a local Mexican restaurant.  During the regular dance year we try to dine together about once a month.  We usually go to a number of different restaurants featuring American as well as foods from different ethnicities.  We will have our final dine-out in June at an Italian restaurant.

	Our first dance in May was our anniversary dance.  Since it was on May 4th, the theme was “May the Fourth Be with You.”  It was great fun since several people came dressed as Star Wars characters.  The decorations reflected the Star Wars theme.  An Ewok could be found hiding in the vegetation wrapped around a tree trunk.  Darth Vader stood guard over the Ewok Treats.  The “Refueling Station” sported items such as Wookie Wraps, Vader Veggies and Chewbacca Chips, to name a few.  Of course, the captain of the ship for the night, Jim Hattrick, did an amazing job of calling and cueing the dance!

	To accommodate an amazing group of students, the club has decided to extend our lesson season through June.  We will not be taking new students, but anyone wishing to practice their skills in plus can attend sessions every Monday night from 6:30 to 7:30.  Mainstream people will be practicing, reviewing and learning mainstream calls from 7:30 to 9:00.  Additionally, since we have an air conditioned hall the club will not go completely dark this summer.  We hope to maintain the enthusiasm of our students by offering two dances. The first will be July 20th and the second is scheduled for August 17th. To provide experience for our new mainstream dancers the format will be plus from 7:30 to 8:00 and mainstream from 8:00 to 9:30.  We are excited to be able to use the hall during the summer months and to provide an opportunity for everyone to have a cool place to dance.

	Finally, if you are a strawberry shortcake lover, you won’t want to miss our June 15th dance.  It’s the strawberry shortcake dance. We always have plenty of fresh strawberries, shortcakes, and whipped cream as well as great dancing and fellowship with all our friends.  Come join us, we’d love to have you dance with us.

Jean Tolstrup
