April was just a whirlwind of activity for the Hoedowners.  We raced into the month with our annual Hoedowner Beach Trip and what a weekend of memories!  On Friday we began our “Who Am I” game and after many clues and guesses Heidi Petrowsky shouted out his name and won the Captain America mug.  Later we all lunched at the newly restored Times Theater and retired across the street to hold our 2nd Annual Miniature Golf Tourney.  Chris Stover won while last year’s winner Doug Morgan ascribed her win to his able coaching; ha, ha.
 Saturday morning started off with a wonderful breakfast prepared by Kathy Christie and Larry Seimer and everyone was off on the Seaside Scavenger Hunt.  Where is that green clock?  It was Petrowskys again who took home the prize!  Saturday afternoon there was plenty of time for sand dollar and driftwood art and crafts which culminated in the evening’s Art Show.  You must see the pictures; whales, horses and bears etc.  Duane won for best performance while playing Humm…ble.  We watched the Oregon women’s basketball team play, assembled a puzzle each day, shopped, walked, beach combed, blinged, ate and ate and generally had a wonderful relaxed weekend with dear friends.
 The Best Circus Dance on Earth was held April 13th and ladies, just as I predicted last month, Hugh Jackman did not appear but plenty of other handsome and talented circus lovers did.  Don’t you love the smell of popcorn and hot dogs?  Debbie Olson always delights us with her decorations.
 On Friday night, Karen Steinka suggested a spontaneous visitation to the Sunset Promenaders Pirate Dance on the 20th.  The word got out and twenty-one Hoedowners attempted a bit of piracy and took back a banner.  We’re sending kudos to the Hoedowners who came in costume; Curt, Shannon, Kylie and Elle Brehmer, Mike and Sally Duyck, and Clay and Kelly McCaw. 
 The Hoedowner Wild, Wild West dance was on the 27th of April.  It was a rootin’, tootin’ evening with a Darlene Ditsworth’s horse on stage, cowboy boots everywhere and the smell of sulphur in the air.  It’s those darn caps guns.  Of course Daryl found plenty of great western music for the dancers.  There was a bit of a kerfuffle when two armed and masked bandits broke into the ballroom with the split the pot bucket in hand.  It was just a bit of friendly intimidation.
 A number of Hoedowners have been spending their Wednesdays working on the Aloha Grange’s ballroom window trim after the windows were replaced last summer; caulking, filling, scraping, sanding, oh my!  The continuing ballroom transformation is underway.
 Looking ahead June 8th is our Strawberry Fields Forever Dance.  We’ll be celebrating the unmatchable Oregon strawberries and hoping that the strawberry fields in Washington County will always be planted and provide this sumptuous crop.
 On June 22nd we’ll be holding our first, ever Night at the Movies Dance.  This is your chance to come as Jack Sparrow, the Mummy, Princess Leia or a taxi driver; any character from any movie.  Please surprise us!!
  Krystal Laas