The Valley River Dancers dance Plus on 2nd Fridays, and Mainstream on 4th Fridays in Newberg at the Chehalem Community Center, located on the corner of 2nd and Howard Streets.  We dance ‘A’ on 5th Saturdays at the Woodburn Senior Estates Community Club.  Randy Dibble is our Caller. Ken Pratt cues 2nd Friday; Sherri Clark cues 4th Friday.  https://www.valleyriverdancers.org
 A Cha Cha/Ph III Waltz workshop continues preceding our 2nd Friday dance, led by Ken and Dianne Pratt, beginning at 6:30 pm. Come work on your round dancing moves with us.
 We visited the Braves and Braids in April and took home a banner.  The Sunset Promenaders visited our April Mainstream Dance which was called by Mike Stout, their club caller, and his wife Julie did a couple of tips cueing intermediates.  We had a lot of fun dancing with them, and they took home one of our banners.
 Our June Mainstream Dance (4th Friday, June 21st) is traditionally our Berry Dance.  We are so blessed to have Stan and Teija Danskey as members of our club from the Woodburn area.  They furnish the berries every year for our scrumptious dessert.  Come enjoy the evening dancing with us, have some dessert, and be sure and meet the Danskeys.  They are super neat people.
 Our next 5th Saturday Advanced dance is scheduled for June 29th at Woodburn Estates; Randy Dibble calling.
 Our special outdoor dance this summer, “Dance Under the Stars,” is coming right up!  This dance is held on the 4th Friday in July, (July 26th) outside in the tennis courts next to the Old Fashioned Festival carnival on 6th and Howard Streets in Newberg. Randy Dibble calling, Ken Pratt cueing. (See our flyer.)  Ground tires are spread on the concrete to make it easier to dance on, but don’t wear your best dancing shoes this time.  The Valley River Dancers got involved with the Old Fashioned Festival years ago.  It’s a darling small town festival in Newberg with everything you want in a weekend—breakfast in the park, carnival rides with food and handicraft vendors, car show, live entertainment, awesome fireworks, even an old-fashioned hymn sing-a-long in the park, (and lots more)—a traditional square dance is right in line with the many activities.  I love it that Valley River Dancers are part of this event and so thankful for all the efforts of others that made it possible years ago for us to be able to participate in this adorable festival. Hope you will mark your calendar and come out to Newberg for a special night.  
 Saturday morning, July 27th, we plan to get gussied up to square dance in the annual Newberg festival parade.  One of our new members, Tom (Sheila) Deuber, has an awesome new truck we broke in for him on a club visitation to Vancouver (6 passengers) awhile back that will pull a trailer of dancers very nicely. Tom took it so well when his truck was volunteered.  It is pretty cool that the theme for Newberg’s 2019 Old Fashioned Days is “Dancing in the Streets.”  We are going to do just that!!
  Josie Rosenbury