Once again, our club caller, Jim Hattrick, has proven the old adage, "You can't keep a good man down." On January 7, Jim suffered a stroke, seriously impairing his ability to speak.  Luckily, at the time, Jim was conducting lessons for the Columbia River Dancers.  There were people there who recognized the problem and called 911 immediately.  He was quickly transported to the hospital where he got "clot-buster" medication 2 hours after the onset of symptoms.  For a couple of days, Jim had a lot of trouble turning his thoughts into speech, which was really bad news for a square dance caller.  Then, miraculously, he bounced right back.  On January 18, just 11 days after the stroke, he attended our Monday night lesson session and actually conducted a tip!  As I write this, on January 31, Jim is easing back into it, honoring his scheduled calling commitments with a backup caller on hand.  Like the "Energizer Bunny", Jim just keeps going, and we are all truly blessed.

For many years, the Happy Hoppers have used the Clark County Square Dance Center as our venue for dances and lessons.  We have recently been informed that the building and land have been put up for sale.  It is sad to note that at some time in the future, we may lose this important resource.  We are closely monitoring this situation and doing whatever we can to keep it from happening.

Our next club dine-out will be on February 24th at Gustav's on 164th Avenue at 5:30.

Twice a year, we have a used square dance clothing sale, which is always a popular event.  It happens concurrently with our Monday night lessons, and will take place from 6:30 to 9:30 on February 29.  Folks travel from across the region to do some bargain-hunting, so best get there early!

We will host our regular first and third Saturday dances at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  Our annual St. McHattrick's Day Dance will be celebrated on March 6 with the "wearin' o' the green" and the "eatin' o' the 'taters".  March 20 will be a regular club dance.  Jim Hattrick will take care of both calling and cueing.  

We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive  experience.  We encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of every month at 7:30.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.

Marc Kahn
