2016 has started out with a zing!  We greeted that sweet Baby New Year, in the diapers and top hat, with our Black and White Sparkle Dance.  Actually the dance was more in the style of the glittering Time Square crystal ball.  What a spectacular evening with dancers in their black and white with plenty of bling and the ballroom twinkling with hundreds of lights.  I have to mention that the dancers were using their best twinkle toes with seven squares filling the ballroom.  The Hoedowners outdid themselves with a lovely array of appetizers and hors d’oeuvres.  What a festive way to start off the dance year.

On the 13th we held our Annual Poker Run at our new dancer class.  That was also the evening of the big Powerball and although no one we know was a lucky winner in that drawing, there were three lucky winners at class.  Prizes included vintage square dance glasses, custom made square dance towels and the ubiquitous Starbucks gift card.

Fifty-one Hoedowners were at the Wild West Chuck Wagon Dance on the 23rd.  What a fabulous turnout.  Ninety-three total attendees so the dance floor was rocking and most stayed for the Chili-Hot Dog feed.  Darlene Ditsworth outdid herself with her astounding decorations.  How many pairs of cowboy boots does that family have?  Sally Duyck served beverages from the “bar”.  What a night!  Richard Lane was calling and harmonizing with Daryl, a great couple of cowpokes.  We had to set up extra chairs for the chili and hot dogs.  Thank you to everyone who came and whooped it up with us.

Mid-Winter Festival just about the best dance weekend of the year.  Thirty-nine Hoedowners decided they didn’t want to miss a moment.  We dined together Friday and Saturday evenings and owe a big thanks to Mike and Sally Duyck for hosting the post parties each night.  We always enjoy the shopping and sharing.  Hope you had a chance to see our very own Randy Lewis and Debbie Olson at the Showcase of Rounds.  Three days of new callers, new music and new faces.  We hope to see all of you there again next year.

What does March hold in store? I think it will be a little competition for that all important Traveling Trophy.  The Hoedowners want to give your club an opportunity to claim it so on March 12 we’ll put her up for grabs.  Trophy Dance, Aloha Grange, March 12th let the competition begin!  Any federation club may claim the Trophy by having the highest percentage of members present.

By March 26th we’ll all be enjoying rites of spring so what better time to have a Spring Fever Dance?  I can smell the daffodils, crocuses and hyacinths now.  Please join us.  

Krystal Laas