We had a small but lively group at our New Beginnings Dance January 2nd.  Luckily the snow and ice decided to hold off so our dancers could get home safely.

Rise and shine!!  There were three squares of early birds show up at the Aloha Grange on Wednesday morning, January 6, at 5 a.m.  We were there to show the metropolitan area how much fun we all have square dancing as Channel 8's Drew Carney featured dancers from various TVC clubs on his morning segment.  Thanks to Bill Calder for coordinating this and to all the participants. 

On the 12th we kicked off our lessons with a Community Dance at the Aloha Grange.  With Pete's ads in local newspapers, Bill Calder's spearheading the Drew Carney spot, Janienne Alexander plugging our class on Meet-Up, and our members handing out business cards, we had 26 students that night.

We barely scraped together two squares of members and guests at our Celebrate Diversity Dance on the 16th.  We realize that dark rainy Oregon nights make it tempting to stay home, and that many of you are traveling to sunnier climes, or that the winter colds and flu have set in.  

Please encourage your new dancers and students to attend our Jamboree Tuesday, March 15th at 7 p.m. at Aloha Grange.  We have a nice group of students who are progressing at a rapid rate.  We will also have gently used clothing for sale.

Our 67th Anniversary Dance is March 19th this year.  Randy Dibble will be co-calling with Chuck, and Connie will be cueing.  This will be a Mainstream dance with every 3rd tip Plus.  Open break downstairs from 8 to 9:30.  Take a look at our flyer in the Special Dances section.   Joy Choy and Mary Davis are chairing a themed basket fundraiser for this dance: Sports, Chocolate, Barbecue, Wine, Beach, Games, Coffee/Tea/Hot Chocolate & Tasty Morsels.  We are charging $7 for this special event.

What a great time we all had at Midwinter!  My thighs hurt, however.  Six straight hours of dancing on concrete will do that to me…  Those of you who danced the entire weekend are phenoms!  We had a large group for dinner at Cascade Grill Saturday night.

Patt Hawthorne