The Charlie's January class is coming along - we have 3 students that are enjoying themselves. They have started doubling up and coming on Tue and Thu in order to finish up the class.  We were dark on April 7th for the Buckeroos birthday dance with Mike Sikorsky. Everyone that went had a great time!!! April 21st is our Rainbow Connection dance with Phil Ramey & Bob Dingman. This will be a Mainstream & Plus dance.

May 5th we are excited to welcome Roger Putzler as our guest caller for our Cinco de Mayo dance. Elaine Funk will be cueing. We will have a Taco Bar at 630 prior to pre rounds!! It will be a great time - come and enjoy the festivities.  May 19th will be a Mainstream & Plus dance with guests George & Patty Hermann. This is our "Salute to Our American Heroes" dance. George & Patty are great fun - don't miss this dance! 

The following weekend May 25-27th is Boatnik!!!! We are so excited about this event!!! Tony Oxendine & Sharon Parker are two of the best!!! This will be a wonderful time. There is still time to get your ribbons at a discounted price.  We will be doing a jet boat trip on Monday morning; contact a Boatnik committee member for the group number if you would like to go.

May 29th we will start an intensive 8 weeks program to get thru the basics of square dancing. This will be a fast paced, fun, program for those that learn quickly - or maybe you need a refresher. May 29th-July 24th 7-9.  See flyer.

We are looking forward to enjoying Summer Festival here in Grants Pass, should be a great time!!!

Looking forward to June 2nd with Terry Halley & Steve Murphy. We will be dark on June 16th.

July 7th will bring international caller Bronc Wise to our hall!! This will be an amazing dance!!! We will have an advanced workshop in the afternoon. Advanced dance will start at 6pm; pre-rounds with Rikki Lobato at 730 and alternating Mainstream/Plus for the rest of the evening.  July 21st will have Chuck Simpkins and Rikki Lobato for our last dance until October, as we are dark in August for the Fair & September for Labor Day and Circle N Squares birthday dance!!

Lots of great festivals and dance coming up and we are looking forward to them all.

See you in a Square!!!