What a way to celebrate our 3rd anniversary.  On March 10th the Hazel Dell Grange was packed with 12 squares on the floor dancing to our guest caller from Spokane, Adam Christman.  The place was rocking!  We had visitations from many clubs from the Tualatin Valley Council as well as clubs from the Vancouver area.  To pay honor to all who attended would mean I might miss one or two, so thanks to all who came.  It is so much fun to dance with so many differ dancers.
 Our annual meeting was held on the 24th, before our dance with Jim Hattrick calling and cueing.  Dale Smith continues as our President, Melissa James is our VP and Secretary and yours truly will be the Treasurer.  We have banners out to some clubs and we have decided to make visitations in return and try to get some of those back.  Overall, our membership is steady for the next year and we see black ink in the books.
 We will be dancing through the summer again this year at the Grange, but as it does not have air conditioning, we wish to remind all that if the temperature is over 90 degrees at 5 PM the night of the dance, we will be dark as the hall is just too hot.  We did decide on a few dates that we will be dark, but will remind everyone when they are closer.
 We are pleased to have Darrell Kalmbach calling and Ken Pratt cueing at our first dance in May on the 12th.  This reporter and his taw will be in Great Britain and will miss the dance.  However, since the duo will be calling on April 28th as well we will get to dance to them at least once.  Jim will be back to do the honors on May 26th.  Our theme for that dance is to honor Memorial Day.
 We continue to begin new lessons the first Tuesday of the month.  If other clubs have newer dancers who would like to hone their skills, send them over.  Our lessons are designed to teach to the floor level of the class.  With a small group we seem to progress much faster than normal with the help of the angels who are always there to help.  Jim does the beginner level from 7-8:30 and mainstream up from 8:30 to 9:00.
  Nick Johnson
