O.K. It’s clear that Mother Nature has been teasing us about the start of spring.  While we have been enjoying flowering bulbs and some trees in blossom, she has been bouncing us between cool, rainy and windy days with bursts of brilliant sun and days that are warm and delightfully sunny.  However, the Happy Hoppers are convinced that when we “Swing into Spring” to celebrate our 59th anniversary on May 5th, Mother Nature will have provided us with the full bloom of spring.  Although we are a plus club, our anniversary dance is always special because we celebrate our origins by having a mainstream dance with every third tip plus.  This format also allows us to invite our mainstream students to one of our dances. It’s a good way to get them involve with our club on a different level.  In addition, having a mostly mainstream dance gives all of our friends in the dance community an opportunity to celebrate with us while enjoying Jim Hattrick’s great calling and cueing.

	Although we dance through the month of June, May is the month when we traditionally end our club dine-outs until the next dance year starts the following September.  Throughout our dance year, September to June, we usually plan a time for our members to get together in a different venue.  Eating out as a group seems to be a popular way for members to enjoy each other’s company.  Generally we visit a different restaurant each month, but always start and end our dine-out year at the The Old Spaghetti Factory.  Last year and this year we also added one pre-dance potluck to our schedule.  Who doesn’t like a potluck?  It’s always great fun to try dishes prepared by club members.  Usually it’s a case of so much good food that it’s impossible to sample all of it.  Potlucks also give members more time to socialize than eating at a restaurant allows.  Since one of the great benefits of square dancing is the fellowship we share with each other, we have found that sharing a meal together provides just another opportunity to enjoy our square dance friends.  

 Jean Tolstrup
