Well the Hoedowners marched right into Spring by holding our Mr. Potato Head dance on March 10th.  Now the debate is a hot button for some; is the potato a vegetable or a starch, are potatoes a healthy choice or not?  Somehow the smell of baking potatoes is heavenly and makes one forget about the divided opinions.  Well those of us with Irish heritage can probably look back at the mass migration of the mid 1800’s from Ireland, the infamous Potato Famine and thank our ancestors for bravely immigrating.  Despite it all, Mr. and Ms. Potato Head retain their popularity with young and old and were kind enough to join us as table centerpieces.  Daryl gave a nod to the St. Patrick’s Day festivities by playing a number of Irish jigs, reels and polkas.  Did I mention the multitudes of baked potato toppings that covered the buffet table?  I don’t recall seeing anyone eating a bare tater.
 What an exciting night on March 24th, the Hoedowner’s first live music dance in 10 years!  Was it worth the wait??  You betcha.  We called that evening our Pizza Party Dance but what a misnomer that was; live music vs pizza, which is the rarer of the two?  Dave and Bonnie Harry of A-Live Sound joined Daryl on stage for an evening of live, as in folks performing actual instruments, music.  Richard Lane joined in the fun too and their melodies filled the hall.  An amazing 88 folks attended including Louis Klein from the Frontier Squares of Webster, TX.  The floor was full as were the benches along the sides.  What an animated and happy crowd!  I suppose I must reference the pizza.  Seems one large pizza feeds about 1 ½ squares.  Tuck that bit of info away for your next trivia night.  A big thank you goes out to Sunset Promenaders for their visitation and grabbing a Hoedowner banner.  There was a bit of confusion and Tri Squares went home with a “vintage” Hillsboro Hoedowner banner.  The details are still a bit murky at the time of this publication and probably will remain so.
 What does May have in store for the Hoedowners?  I’m hoping sunny skies and warm temperatures but we’ll always have the Circus Dance on May 12th and on May 26th our annual Red, White and Blue Dance honoring Memorial Day and all our Veterans.  Joins us!
  Krystal Laas
