Our dances for March were both fun dances especially our St. Patrick’s Dance with Baked Potato Feed which always goes over well with a crowd.  Jim Hattrick was his usual self, calling an interesting and well-paced dance for us starting with the half hour of plus and then the two and a half hours of mainstream.  Jackie Gale cued that night; we always enjoy everything she cues especially those she has choreographed herself. 

March 23 Scott Zinser came down and called for us with Jackie cueing.  We always enjoy Scott’s calling and learn a few things along the way.  While we did not have a big crowd out to greet him, we did have a lot of happy faces. 

We lost one of our dancers this month: Lee Kelley.  He passed away suddenly on March 10.  He will be greatly missed for his rare type of merriment on the floor and his high spirits.  I don’t think I ever saw his face without a smile on it.   He was much too young.  He was not the only square dancer we lost in March to cancer.  Our sister club the Whirl-A-Ways lost a long standing, great supporter, Carol Smith. 

On the 5th Saturday the EEAC and CCCA joined forces to put on a benefit dance for Honor Flight, the organization that helps veterans get back to Washington D.C. to see the War Memorials.  We raised quite a bit of money that night which should help some vets be able to make that journey.   All clubs were represented and those that attended had a great time dancing to our local callers as well as some newbies.  Jackie Gale presented a newly choreographed song in honor of ‘crazy’ Lee.  We thank you Jackie 

We are looking forward to our May Mexican Fiesta Dance which is put on annually by Single Trees and Whirl-A-Ways.  This year it will be on Friday, May 11 at the Emerald Square Dance Center with George Hermann and Mike Kious, calling, and Jackie Gale cueing.  There will be a taco bar at the break around 9:15.  Hope to see some out of town visitors again this year.

Gaynor Hintz
Filling in as Club Reporter
