The comments heard about the Seaside Sashay included fun, best ever, and a great crowd.  One person told me he has already reserved his same room for next year.  As we all know it is not just the dancing that brings us to this event. Friendships are made. There is a rumor about the lovely lady from Washington that danced with one of our members most of the weekend. That reminds me how I met my partner of thirteen years at a square dance at the Aloha Grange in Beaverton. You should always have some adventure when you leave home. 
 Marie Clem was elected treasurer after Joanne Switzer resigned due to health issues.  Thank you Joanne for your service and accept our heartfelt wishes for a successful outcome. 
 Our three callers and cuer have agreed to continue putting up with us another year.  I, for one, appreciate their patience, good humor, and creative calling.  This fits well with some of our creative interpretations of the calls.  Maybe they are staying on because we entertain them. 
 'Tis the season for those fancy outfits you rarely wear, celebrate by showing them off.  The New Year’s Dance is a black, red, silver color theme so find a new outfit or add some bling to a favorite one.  Sunset Promenaders and Eager Beavers are hosting this dance with some help from TVC.  The mainstream dance begins at 9 pm, IOOF Hall, in Hillsboro. There will be 15 minutes of Plus at 8:45 pm.  When you are planning for the holidays do not forget to include a night of great dancing to welcome in the New Year. 
 There are 5 Mondays in December giving you plenty of opportunities to work out your holiday stress.  We dance on most holidays.  Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, 1:00 p.m. - 3:00, at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  Please check for up to date information at www.EagerBeavers.info.
  Rachel Nettleton