October....  Only 1 dance, but oh, what a dance!  Dances would be more correct.  Friday the 11th and Saturday the 12th was the weekend for our Octoberfest celebration.  Friday night is when most of the out-of-towners get settled in for the weekend.  We begin at our usual 2nd Friday time.  Yummy dessert bars are the treat for afterdance.  Those who are ready Saturday morning start with a caravan of bargain shoppers that do the garage sale circuit.  A warm soup lunch awaits their return.  More dancing in the afternoon, Rounds with Susan, and Plus with Adam and Craig.  
 Saturday evening is the German meal.  Many thanks for those cooks and helpers who worked through the afternoon to provide this meal!!  The River City Riders start the evening with a tip with horses (!) yes, horses.  Each year they have been trained with new moves.  It is a tradition, so if you haven't seen them, join us next year.
 The fun is not only on the floor but on stage.  Susan, Craig and Adam are good entertainment, the fun they have spills out to the dance floor.  There again a tradition, join us next year and you will see.  We finish on Saturday night with pie and coffee.  It is a warm send off for our friends who have joined us and made our Octoberfest a success again.  Our venue will change next year to Catlin Grange in Kelso.  It will still be the second weekend in October so you can plan ahead for next year's calendar. (Wink, wink)
 December 13th is our toy dance, it is called this because we donate toys to kids whose families have limited resources.  If you bring toys, we also collect the receipts for the purchase of the toys in order to satisfy tax requirements.  Thank you.  We will be dark on our December 4th Saturday dance so, will see you next year, 2020!
 Dance info:  7pm - 8pm Plus with advanced rounds, 8pm - 9:30pm Mainstream with rounds. 106 NW 8th Ave, Kelso, WA 98626 by the Rotary spray park at the intersection of Hwy 4 and W Main, Kelso/Longview.  Our dances are $6 donation.
 We know December is a busy month but we hope to see you in a square and have the opportunity to wish you a Merry Christmas.
  Annie Tietze