 Reigning King of Hearts Chet Wolter and Queen of Hearts Carolyn Hindman graciously crowned our new King and Queen of Hearts John Semm and Nancy  Clark who will serve until next year.  Before he left office King Chet knighted our caller Sir Hattrick of the Square Dance Realm.  The crowd responded with a loud cheer. 
 Supporting square dancing is easy when it is lot of fun.  Some of us are on a mission to give you more opportunity for fun by recruiting dancers for Seaside Summer Festival, August 21 - 23.  We have ribbons for sale.  For more information see our flyer at EagerBeavers.info.  Look for us.  We will be wearing green vests looking like crossing guards.
 Set a goal of visiting at least one other club once a month.  You will be warmly welcomed, which feels good, and you may find you have visitors to your club which makes  both of you winners.  The days are longer and the weather better so you have no excuse.  However, do check for closures in case of Covid-19  virus spread to our area. 
 It was exciting to see such a great crowd at the TVC dance at the Aloha Grange.  The dancing was fast and furious with a lot of laughter at the silly goofs even seasoned dancers had.  We may not be perfect but we have more fun than anybody. 
 Plus Lessons are moving along quickly with a small but enthusiastic class. Sometimes it is difficult to see who is student and who is member and it is all good fun.  Remember we are now dancing at the Aloha Grange as of March 2nd with lessons and brush up at noon.
 What is the most important dance in April?  If you said, “Eager Beaver Anniversary Dance” you are correct.  Join us for a great dance and great refreshments and most important, fantastic callers and cuers.  Save the date and join us at the IOOF Hall, Sunday, April 19,  1:00 pm, for a mix of Mainstream, Plus, and Round dancing.
 We dance on most holidays. Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  During lessons our regular Plus dance is at 1:15 - 3:00 pm immediately following the noon class.  Come enjoy our three great callers.  We dance "Every Monday Afternoon" at the Aloha Grange, 185th Ave & TV Highway, Aloha.  Please check for up to date information at www.EagerBeavers.info.
  Rachel Nettleton
