     As this report is being written the Happy Hoppers along with many other square dance friends and clubs are struggling with decisions relating to continuing club activities in light of the concerns about the coronavirus impact.  Although we have a number of activities planned for the month of April, we realize that to protect the health of our members, guests, and caller it may be necessary to cancel them. 

     Currently we are looking forward to a pizza night and club meeting on April 4th before our dance starts at 7:30. Election of officers for the next dance year will occur during that meeting.  Given that it is sometimes difficult to get people to step up and offer to take board positions, we are delighted to have candidates for all elected officer positions. It is especially rewarding that we have a mix of new and returning volunteers.  Since we believe that these officers will bring fresh ideas for our club activities, we are looking forward to another great year of dancing.

     On April 13th we will have a gently used clothing resale during our regular Monday night lesson.  Throughout the years we have been blessed with a large amount of very nice square dance attire being donated for the sale.  Our new dancers as well as club members and guests have a great time finding just the right outfit or addition to their wardrobe.  It is sometimes hard to get the students back on the dance floor for their lesson.  The true reward is to see how much fun the students seem to have when they show up at the next lesson wearing their new clothes.

     We are hopeful that we will be able to celebrate our 61st anniversary at our May 2nd dance.  The theme for this year is “April Showers Bring May Flowers.”  We hope to have a large number of our square dance friends join us that night to help us celebrate.

     The Hoppers are sending their best wishes to all our square dance friends hoping you will stay healthy and well and we will see you in a square somewhere soon.

Jean Tolstrup
