 Valley River Dancers celebrated our 21st anniversary on February 28th with more than 75 dancers from many different clubs!  We were delighted with the turnout and would like to thank everyone who came out and supported us.  We would especially like to thank the Tri-Squares for going dark, as well as the Sunset Promenaders who also attended in mass.  We had a super time and hope that our guests also enjoyed the evening.  The Valley River Dancers plan to go dark for the Tri-Squares anniversary dance in September. 
 Some of the Valley River Dancers attended the 5th Saturday TVC dance at Aloha grange, and had a great time.  There were 102 in attendance for Adam Christman (calling) and Joyce Hooper (cueing).  Meanwhile in Woodburn on the same night, Randy Dibble was on stage for Valley River Dancers’ 5th Saturday ‘A’ dance, and there were 3 squares in attendance for this successful Leap Day dance as well.  
Valley River Dancers had recent club visitations to the memorial dance in honor of Ken Pratt, Salem Swinging Stars, Toe Draggers and the Chaps and Petticoats Flintstone dance.
 Our 4th Friday March Mainstream dance (March 27th) is our Hippie Dance.  There will be prizes for the grooviest fashions.  Hop into a crowded flower power van with your far out square dancing brothers and sisters and come on out to Newberg particularly if we’ve taken your banner lately!  We’d love to party-on with you.  Peace man! 
 Our 4th Friday April Mainstream dance (April 24th) is our Wild, Wild West dance.  Four of our ladies will be away, so we have an even greater need for female solo dancers to come pay us a visit so the guys don't have to dance together!  
 We start PLUS LESSONS on Tuesday, March 24th, 6:30 – 8 p.m. $6 each.  Come on out for superb instruction by Randy Dibble and improve your PLUS dancing confidence.  Lessons will be at the Chehalem Community Center kitchen area (2nd and Howard Streets).  
 Coming this summer, we have a new Cuer for our 2nd Friday Plus night.  Leonard Snodgrass will be bringing to our dance a mix of intermediate and easy level rounds.  Leonard has been involved with music and dance most of his life.  He enjoys square dancing and loves round dancing.  Cueing and teaching dance are new passions of Leonard’s, and we are delighted to welcome him to our stage.  We will have guest cuers at our 2nd Friday dances in the meantime. 
 Save the Date – ‘Dancing Under the Stars’ Mainstream and Round Dance--part of the Newberg Old Fashioned Festival (located at the Tennis Courts on 6th and Howard Streets) - Friday, July 24th!  
 The Valley River Dancers dance Plus on 2nd Fridays.  Randy Dibble Calling; Leonard Snodgrass Cueing (beginning in June); and Mainstream on 4th Fridays. Randy Dibble Calling, Sherri Clark Cueing, in Newberg at the Chehalem Community Center. Randy Dibble also calls our ‘A’ dances on 5th Saturdays at the Woodburn Senior Estates Community Club. https://www.valleyriverdancers.org.  Check out our new Facebook page—Valley River Dancers – Newberg.
  Josie Rosenbury