The heat has not slowed us down here at the Buckeroo Barn! We installed a new cooling system this past spring and have had much opportunity to put it to use this summer! We have continued our FunShops and visitations along with our monthly dances.

Our first dance of the month was our 2nd Annual Ladies Night Out Dance. We had Janienne Alexander down from Tualatin to call for us, and Jackie Gale cued for the round dancers. We had a large turnout and everyone had a great time!  We even had  a national caller, Michael Kellogg from California, stop by the barn for a visit. Janienne invited him up to call , and boy were we treated to a fun tip! We hope to see him back at the barn in the future. Watch our flyers and plan to join us the next time he is in the area…you will be happy you came!

We also danced at the Douglas County Fair this month. Douglas County Fair allows us to hold dances every night at the fair. Past members of the Buckeroo Barn have built a nice wooden dance floor that we continue to use. We are part of the entertainment so we are asked to wear square dance attire, but it is structured as a dance not an exhibition. It is so much fun to dance under the stars and be part of such a fun community event. We are very happy that the Umpqua Area Council continues to sponsor this event each year.

The Buckeroos are heading to Canyonville to meet up with the Charlie Brown Squares to dance in the Pioneer Days Parade on the 26th.  This an old fashioned, small town event that is the backbone of the community. It is in its 51st  year and is held in Pioneer park. If you are looking for some family appropriate fun, come and join us!

We will be having a Back to School Barn Sale on August 18-19. We do several fundraisers throughout the year to help us raise money for the upkeep of the barn. We have a large selection of great items, so if you need to furnish a dorm room the barn will be the place to be on the 18-19th!

Remember… we are just a short drive south from the Portland area, so plan to join us in the near future. We dance the first and third Saturdays and always enjoy having visitors. We have members of all ages and are a family friendly club.

Happy dancing,
Robin P. Faltersack
