The summer months of July and August found Chaps and Petticoats DARK (not hosting dances).  However, July 2017 has been anything but the “Lazy Days of Summer.”  

With our Treasurer, Vicki Pounds, as Chair, we planned our Chaps and Petticoats fundraiser, a food booth at the Hop Festival in Hubbard on July 15th.  We served Elephant Ears and Specialty Drinks (Italian Sodas and Blended Coffees);  as soon as the Parade ended, our booth was buzzing with thirsty people - we credit our new booth signage for bringing in the crowds.  Combined with "hot" weather, we netted more this year than any other - which will keep our lesson days in the black.  We ran out of product this year too and closed our booth earlier than any other year.  We enjoyed seeing a few of you at the "HOP," that always makes us smile!  Thank you, Members and friends for making our booth a success!

Did you make it to the Summer Festival at the Blanchet Catholic School in Salem the weekend of July14-16?  Chaps and Petticoats had only a handful of members there (different days), as our food-booth fundraiser took priority.  Thank goodness it was local - Kudos to the organizers and planners. 

The excellent weather held out for Newberg's "Dance Under the Stars" dance on July 28th.  Eleven squares danced under the stars, while Randy Dibble called and Julie Stiers cued the Rounds.  Chaps and Petticoats members were shy of one person to complete a square.  If you've never been, mark you calendar's for next year's "full-moon" night on July 27, 2018.  You dance outside, on a tennis court coated with pulverized rubber, the stars above and see sooo many friends - you can't quit smilin'.

Care to join us on August 12th at 10:00AM and dance on the trailer in the Aurora Colony Days Parade on Main street?  Wear your floral attire as their theme is "A Community Garden."  

WE will offer two-FREE lessons in Mainstream on Sundays, Sept. 17th and Sept. 24th, from 6-8pm at the Maplewood Grange in Aurora.  Yes we will need Angels - and Angels dance for FREE throughout our Mainstream lesson weeks.

The Chaps and Petticoats will not be hosting dances in September (only lessons...see info in previous paragraph).  Yes, we are DARK  September 1st (due to Labor Day weekend) and September 15th too.    Why?  We want to take our 2017 student graduates to the Toedraggers' Anniversary Dance on September 15th at the Kenton Grange where they will dance to the Wildcards (three callers:  KC Curtis, Mike Halley and Terry Halley).  WHY?  Mike Halley is moving to California, there will not be many more dances that this trio will call in the Portland area this year.
  
We return to 1st and 3rd Friday hosted-dances at the Maplewood Grange in October (6th and 20th, respectively).   See you in a square !

Happy Feet,
Betty Chipps
