What a summer it has been for the Columbia River Dancers.  Except for a slight hiccup when Jim Hattrick, our caller, had to overnight in the hospital and the weather so hot that one night the hall did not cool down enough, we had a great time dancing.  Lessons continued and under Jim's guidance it seems our classes ended well beyond the basic 51 calls.  Counting angels, we had four squares most lessons.  Great thanks goes out to all of the angels!!
 The club had a great time visiting the Country Cut-ups in July, eating hot dogs with them and retrieving our banner.  Now, on to September with new classes (remember we start a new class every first Tuesday of the month) and school starting again. Our dance on September 9th will have Craig Abercrombie calling and cueing.  September 23rd has Randy Dibble working us through the squares and Ken Pratt Cueing our round dancers. What a way to start the fall semester.  The Hazel Dell Grange has a nice wood floor and our big fans move the air so nicely.  Remember we dance plus from 7 to 8 PM and mainstream from 8 to 10. Singles are welcome and we are known for making sure everyone gets to dance.
 Many of our new dancers are anxiously waiting the September 9th dance as there will be a clothing sale that day.  This sale has a twist that has sparked interest in other clubs and club members. In addition to the sale of clothes and other articles by the CRD we are making it possible for outside clubs and dancers to sell their items and keep their proceeds.  Tables will be for sale for other clubs and individuals.  So, gather up your skirts that you used to wear before you lost weight, or the boots that now cramp your toes and sell them.  If clubs or individuals are interested in a table, please contact Francis Montgomery at 360-921-6675 or on-line at franniebandit@gmail.com.  If you have an item that you would like to donate, our club will gladly accept it.
 Lastly, September 23rd is our Back to School Dance.  We will be collecting school supplies at both dances, however.  The club will give all of the supplies to Danny and Carol Williamson's daughter who teaches in a very needy school in Yakima.  Danny and Carol have done so many things for square dancing and we feel this is a small way to say thank you.  So bring rulers, backpacks, crayons, scissors and other school supplies when you come.
 Note:  Did you know that Star Through is one of the few calls that are gender specific?
  Nick Johnson
