Single Trees danced on July 14 with three squares on the floor with Jim Hattrick calling and cueing. Some of us journeyed north to Salem to dance at the 2017 Summer Festival and visit with friends we don't always get to dance with. Chris, Laurie and Gaynor were mostly in the advanced dance hall enjoying the featured caller Johnny Preston up from Indio, California; Jim Steele from Bend area; Jack Hardin from Washington; and Randy Dibble from Newberg (who normally calls in Salem on the 1st, 3rd and 5th Fridays at Salem Swingin' Stars). The count was not in Saturday evening but they had 53 Saturday registrants at around 5 PM and had close to 350 pre-registered. It will be good to hear the final count. While not as well attended as Mid-Winter normally is, I think this Summer Festival was a great success.The school venue with two huge gymnasiums available with wood floors, another huge room with linoleum squares for the round dancers, and the painted cement floor for the advanced dancing, all with air-conditioning, made it really nice with good flow back and forth for all the dancers.  All was well organized and I was not aware of any glitches. Well done Salem and Mid-Willamette Valley dancers! You, along with all the fine callers and cuers did a great job of making a lot of dancers happy.   

Besides the three Trees already mentioned on Saturday I saw Lee Kelley in the mainstream hall and visited with Connie and Paul on a couple of occasions. Next year it will be held in Grants Pass.  Hope more dancers from our area will plan on being there.

In early July we had a fun club picnic in a lovely environment at Suzanne’s country home. The weather was wonderful, and we had a barbecue with yummy food, blueberry picking, croquet, a hayride, and lots of us playing the dog race game.

Our September dances will be Sept 8th with Jim Hattrick / Jackie Gale, and on  Sept 22nd - Craig Abercrombie & Al Frazier  will call for our Sock Hop with Jackie Gale cueing.

Gaynor Hintz, Pinch-Hit Reporter 
