We really enjoyed the air conditioning at Emerald Dance Center this past summer.  We've been dancing here since 2013 and enjoy having a storage closet, cupboard, stage, in-house speaker, a kitchen, and a beautiful cushioned wood floor. The floor was refinished in July and is absolutely beautiful.  Todd Jensen and his crew did a fabulous job.  A number of dancers took turns opening up the hall to air it out so it could dry and cure. Several of our dancers did their part.  We thank everyone from all of the clubs who helped out. 
 
Kris Jensen was here in August to call for Cast-A-Shadow and Spin Cycle Squares.  Kris is a national caller from Albuquerque.  Kris and Kurt's mom moved up from Medford to Eugene which makes it easier to visit without the extra travel time. Eugene has wonderful opportunities for senior living.  Kurt is our Vice-President.  
 
One of our members from Albany, Cheryl Hagey, is recovering from a fall she suffered at the national convention in Cincinnati.  We hope to see her in a square very soon.  Cheryl and Tim oftentimes bring their grandson, "Prince" Killian with them.  We are enjoying watching him grow.  He's such a little gentleman and always says 'please' and 'thank you.'  He's getting too big for Tim to carry him on his back to dance. That was always fun, but they do grow up fast and too big for the special carrier. Kllian will do high fives and fist bumps too. Cheryl is our secretary.
 
We dance from 5:30 - 8:00 almost every Sunday in Hall A at the Emerald Dance Center at 2095 Yolanda in Springfield. Please go to the “When and Where” to see if we are dancing on any particular Sunday.  All levels welcome. Lessons/dances are always casual dress. 
 
Kirby Goode remains on 'in home' hospice care. He's hanging in there on his oxygen and nebulizer treatments. Kirby misses everyone, misses calling and square dancing and round dancing. He welcomes visitors and still has a sense of humor. When Spin Cycle Squares has their monthly board meetings at Christina and Kirby's he is right there in the thick of it. 
 
Happy Dancing!
 
Christina Corelli, Member-At-Large
