What a wonderful summer we are having with lots of square dancing events coming and going for our enjoyment.  We want to thank all those who worked on Summer Festival.  What a treat with meeting old and new friends dancing away the weekend.  Our first dance in July brought so many friends out to the Toe Dragger’s BBQ and birthday celebration for KC.  We also were able to surprise Linda Curtis the same evening, with a retirement party from teaching, that she so deserves.  Enjoy your time together Linda and KC.  Want to thank everyone that came August 5th to the Kinton Grange 100th Anniversary Celebration.  It was warm but so much fun.  We are looking forward to our club campout the end of August down in Lincoln City.  We always have a great time together.  The Solar Eclipse will be over so maybe Oregon will be a quieter state by the time our campout rolls around.
 September 1st is our regular dance of the month.  September 10th is our Kinton Grange Country Antique Faire from 9 to 4 p.m.  Admission is free.  Shop till you drop and consume breakfast or lunch on your visit.  All money collected for meals will benefit the Kinton Grange.  September 15th is our Toe Dragger’s Berry Happy 42nd Anniversary Dance with KC and the Wild Cards calling and Bev Flint cueing.  We are looking forward to a fun evening.  Berry desserts and ice cream will be served at the break.  The Toes are ready to go for September 16th, the State Dance where new officers will be installed, including our own Kathy Roberts as President.  We are calling the dance Berry Country Picnic State Dance.  State dinner starts at 6:00 p.m. with the dance following at 7:30 p.m. at the Kinton Grange with our own KC Curtis calling and Bev Flint cueing.  It will be a special night.  Come join in on all the fun.  
 This is an early notice but would like you to save the date to come out and help us Dance for the Cure.  The event is our Man Enough to Wear Pink Dance!!!!  It’s on October 1st, 2017.  Time is from 1:30 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. at the Kinton Grange.  Donations accepted at the door.  We hope to raise more money for the Cancer Cure than last year.  Let’s come out and dance for all of our friends and family members who have been touched by cancer.
  Pat Olson
