“Are we there yet?” or “How much longer will it be?” are familiar questions to anyone who has taken a long road trip with children.  For those of us who miss our wonderful square dancing activity these are thoughts that seem to reverberate in our heads on an almost daily basis.  “When will we get back to square dancing again?” However, unlike a road trip that has a definite ending, this life trip has no definite ending, so we are left to remember and anticipate how wonderful it will be to be back together again enjoying each other’s company and a great activity.  In the meantime, we spend our time enjoying the amazing weather, the gorgeous spring flowers, and keeping in touch with friends and family.  And, just like a road trip, we know there will be an ending which prompts us to make plans for that time.

   For the Happy Hoppers, those plans revolve around some amazing people who have agreed to serve as officers for our next dance year.  We are delighted to have John and Arlene Kaleta as our incoming presidents.  Since Gil Shoemaker enjoys working with students, he has decided to serve as vice president.  We are extremely fortunate to have David Whalen continue as treasurer, Tom and Liza Halpenny as secretary, and Janet Linebarger as our PAC delegate.  Newcomers to our club, Jim and Pam Roberts, have agreed to serve as our Evergreen Council delegates. What a terrific group! We are looking forward to a year filled with club activities and dances.

     However, for the time being, we are canceling our June dances.  Hopefully, restrictions will be lifted in time for us to get together at our annual club picnic in August.  We are counting on our chefs, Randy Amundson and Don Oja, to fry up some extraordinary hamburgers and hot dogs.  Not to be outdone, our club members always bring in outstanding side dishes and desserts.  No one ever goes hungry at these events!  We are definitely looking forward to resuming our regular schedule in September and hope to see the return of some truly amazing students at lessons and some terrific friends and fellow dancers at our regular dances.  Until we can get back together again, stay well and stay in touch with others.

Jean Tolstrup