 Back in the 60’s when Bob Dylan sang “The Times They Are A-Changin”, I thought our generation was going to change the world and here we are forty years later and a virus is changing our world in more ways than we could have imagined.  We’ve adjusted before and we’re just doing it again.  
As you might expect, the Hoedowners haven’t been square dancing but we’ve been busy none the less; painting for example.  Members have been painting walls, ceilings, trim and paint by numbers.  Hoedowners have been cleaning; drawers, floors, windows, closets and garages.  We’ve been reading books, magazines, newspapers, online postings and owner’s manuals.  We’ve discovered jigsaw puzzles are just as fun at home as on our beach trip.  Hoedowners are outside working in their yards; planting, digging, spreading barkdust, gravel, laying pavers and making retaining walls.  We’re digging out old recipes and finding new ones on the internet like that recipe for hand sanitizer.  We’ve manned our sewing machines to quilt, make masks and finish the old projects that have been languishing in the closet.
 Hoedowners are enjoying the great outdoors by walking at a safe distance and greeting other walkers from afar.  We’ve been watching a mated pair of mallards, spotted a bull frog, a green tree frog and we’re just waiting for the tadpoles but it’s just a little too early.  All the birds are frantically building their nests and we now have time to sit, watch and listen.
And shopping, wow that’s an adventure.  We’ve all become online shopping pros ordering the exotic and the mundane.  I’ve tried Home Depot curbside pickup, dashed into Costco at 9:30 opening and have put cash away.  Covid19 may finally have made cash obsolete because no one wants to touch it except grandchildren.
 We’ve discovered Door Dash, Grubhub, Uber Eats, Postmate, and the multitude of restaurants that deliver.  We have found some duds but some gems as well.  I’ve heard a rumor that there’s a new wing place in Beaverton that is great but they don’t deliver out here in Hillsboro.  We may try a drive up there.  If you have any recommendations let me know.
 A million life experiences have been cancelled; graduations, weddings, reunions, cruises, etc. but most of our problems are small and will pass.  As Hoedowner’s we’re just accumulating stories to share when we all get together again.
 As for the future, who knows?  We’ll keep you posted when we’re ready to take to a square.
  Krystal Laas