 The Valley River Dancers (VRD) are chomping at the bit to get back to dancing when it’s safe, and we will be ready to do so just as soon as we get the green light.  We will update our schedule on our new Facebook page and the Where and When as soon as we know.  In the meantime, our members are trying to keep busy at home.  A couple of our members are making face shields and attractive cloth masks—so creative!
 Leonard Snodgrass is new to our club, not as the square dance caller you may know him as, but he is joining us on 2nd Fridays as our new cuer.  Leonard is looking forward to broadening our round dance horizons with lessons for us in different rhythms.  Our round dancing on 2nd Friday Plus night features intermediate level rounds.  (I lose a round dance partner for one dance night, but the club gains a great cuer and teacher, so it’s worth the sacrifice. J)
 In the spirit of honoring the stay at home order, the VRD had their semi-annual club meeting and election of officers via a zoom-type meeting.  We give a warm thank you to the outgoing officers for their dedication and hard work, and we welcome our new officers now in place eager to serve.  The 2020-2021 VRD Officers are: President – Dan Damon (Perrin); Vice President – Sheila Deuber (Tom); Treasurer – Teija Danskey (Stan); Secretary/Club Reporter – Judy Zimmerman (Steve); and Delegates – Perrin Damon (Dan) and Jan Amerson (Terry)
 On a sad note, the Newberg Old Fashioned Festival has been cancelled as has the St Paul Rodeo.  Traditionally we dance outside on the tennis courts right next to the carnival on 6th and Howard Streets.  This is the first time in 39 years the festival has been cancelled.  The dance was supposed to be Friday, July 24th. 
 We trust everyone is persevering ‘lockdown’ doing what they can to stay safe and healthy.  We are very much looking forward to dancing with our friends again, hopefully soon.
 It has been an honor to serve as VRD’s Secretary/Club Reporter for the past two years.  I now pass the baton to Judy Zimmerman.  I especially enjoyed being VRD’s delegate for the past year and attending the TVC meetings held at the Spaghetti Factory, delicious food and fellowship with friends.  The club will now be officially represented by Perrin Damon and Jan Amerson.  
 Stay encouraged,
  Josie Rosenbury