Thank you to all the Clubs who donated to the Portland Area Council&rsquo;s raffle basket for the Summer Festival in Klamath Falls.  You were all very generous and we have two &ldquo;Birthday&rdquo; theme baskets to present the Summer Festival committee…kudos to all, square dancers are awesomeJ

Our last dance in the 2014-2015 season, ended on June 19th, &ldquo;Lazy Days of Summer&rdquo; was the theme.  With George Hermann calling, an invitation was extended to Independence Wagon Wheelers to join us.  You folks made that dance fun for the Chaps & Petticoats and for George.  Not to mention, you took home our banner! …Thank you so much for the smiles and the dancing.

Spend a day at the Aurora Colony Days and enjoy &ldquo;vintage&rdquo; in more ways than one.   Aurora is the &ldquo;antique Capital of Oregon&rdquo;…lots of antique malls and &ldquo;vintage&rdquo; wine tasting at:  Rooster Run or Aurora Colony Vineyards.  Come as early 7:30am and enjoy breakfast served by the American Legion Hall, bring a folding chair and set-up by 10am for the 11am parade where (guess who) Chaps and Petticoats will dance on the float.  Afterwards, antique shop to your heart&rsquo;s content:  enjoy, too, specialty drinks and café sandwiches and pastry at the &ldquo;White Rabbit&rdquo; off 99E.

It is that time again…plant the gardens for new memberships and grow your club.  Chaps and Petticoats Mainstream Lessons begin September 13th, from 6:00-8:00 pm, with Scott Zinser teaching at the Maplewood Grange.  Sundays, September 13th & 20th are free lesson nights, so Angels take a friend to dinner and bring them to an evening of &ldquo;learning to dance&rdquo; at no charge…they will enjoy the social environment, and perhaps even want to continue to dance.  

Invite:  Angels are appreciated and admitted to lessons free of charge.  Does your Club do lessons?  If not, bring a student, you can always introduce them as a &ldquo;new dancer&ldquo; to your club, once graduated. 

Coming attraction:  are you &ldquo;Man enough to wear Pink&rdquo;?  Take your Club to the afternoon dance from 1:00-4:00pm at the Kinton Grange in Beaverton and help the ToeDraggers earn funds for the Susan B. Komen Cancer Foundation.  Remember … wear Pink!

Happy Feet,

Betty Chipps
