 Our club has been has been steadily growing and having a great time this summer, especially now that we are in both the Oregon and Washington State Federations.
 Several of our members attended the Tri-Squares Trophy dance.  We took 2nd place, with about 37% of our membership in attendance.  We are looking forward to the Valley Squares hosting the next dance where we plan to win first place.
 We extended a special invitation to the Hoedowners to visit us on Saturday, 6/27, the hottest, muggiest night of the year. The Hoedowners had to go dark due to the heat.  Consequently, with our &ldquo;wonderful&rdquo; air conditioning at the YMCA, we thought it would be a great opportunity for the Hoedowners to join us and Richard and Daryl could call a few tips together.  Well, the Hoedowners visited, as did R Square D, Hoppers, B&Bs... and the list goes on.  It was a HUGE dance, with both the Hoedowners earning a banner and R Square D retrieving their banner (which we already miss & need to &ldquo;steal&rdquo; again!). Unfortunately, unbeknownst to the YMCA or our club, the A/C wasn't working!  A few days later, the YMCA's Facilities Manager investigated and confirmed it was not working.  This will forever go down in our club's history as the "Murphy's Law" Dance.
 The A/C was fixed by the time we had our next (7/11) dance, also well-attended, with the Happy Hoppers taking home one of our banners.  With Richard taking some well-earned vacation time, Jimmy Ellis, who just moved from Texas to Vancouver, called our dance, with Dorothy Lowder cuing.  Both did a great job! It was a very fun dance, with lots of laughter and craziness.  It was "nicely air-conditioned" too.
 We look forward to our Saturday 7/25 dance, with Randy Dibble calling and Dorothy Lowder cuing, and our Saturday 8/22 dance, with Mike Stout calling and his wife, Julie, cueing.  We will be dark the 2nd Saturday in August for USA West. Richard Lane will be back in September, when we start lessons.
  Nancy Smith
