July is the &lsquo;changing of the guard&rsquo; for the Oaky Doaks and a chance to look back and enjoy the fruits of this past year.  Our Board was a slim sleek machine of 6; significantly fewer than in previous years. They took the opportunity to step out boldly and our members, caller, and cuer all jumped in to make this a stellar year.   We are grateful for their willingness to guide our club into a vibrant presence.  We look forward to a continuation with our new &lsquo;full complement&rsquo; Board.  If you haven&rsquo;t been by recently you&rsquo;ll want to come visit.  

Why not join us for our Big Birthday Bash on the 1st of August?  That one day of the year we celebrate the birthday of anyone and everyone who has one in 2015.  That includes YOU!  Last year we celebrated a total of 3408 years of birthdays.  That was the most…  so far.  Help us set a new record this year.  (Pssst… Invite all your friends, they don&rsquo;t have to be dancers to have birthdays!)

And this year, we&rsquo;ll be celebrating SPECIAL MILESTONES in our guests&rsquo; lives.  Special Birthdays: Sweet 16; Voting Age 18; Legal Drinking Age 21; 30 year olds; 40 year olds; Middle Age 50; Over the Hill 60; Retiree 62s and 65s; Honored 70 year olds + 75 year olds; Very Honored 80&rsquo;s + 85&rsquo;s; Any 90 year old Exemplary Citizens?  What about Anniversaries: 20th; Silver, Pearl, Coral, Ruby, Sapphire, Golden or Diamond Anniversaries?

Other special Milestones?  25 years at the same company or in the same house?  10 years volunteering for the same non-profit?  How about special Milestones of membership in your dance club, too?  SURE… we&rsquo;re celebrating together and celebrating for each other.

We have lots to commemorate.  So come join the party on Saturday, August 1st, the first Saturday Dance for the Oaky Doaks. Intermediate Rounds at 7:00; a special round dance workshop at 7:20; Pre-rounds at 7:40; Mainstream + Rounds 8:00 -11:00.  With a special Big Bash Birthday Party and Milestone Celebration at break!  
- - Elysa and Eric Foxman
