During the summer, the Ramblers&rsquo; focus shifts from weekly dancing to sowing seeds for future growth of the club. We were active in the Portland Pride celebration&mdash;with 16 Ramblers dancing in the Pride Parade and generating lots of enthusiasm from the crowds lining the parade route. Many thanks to Ken Meredith, our driver, and to Chuck Garner, who saved the day by bringing speakers for our music!
 
On Saturday, August 1, we will have our second annual ice cream social&mdash;Saturday Sundaes&mdash;at the Ankeny Street Studio, 975 SE Sandy Blvd., Portland. This free event includes ice cream, social time, an introduction to square dancing for new dancers, and an hour of Plus and Mainstream dancing for experienced dancers. The fun starts at 6:30 pm. All are welcome&mdash;solos, couples, families. This is a great opportunity to experience the Ramblers&rsquo; high-energy dance style in air-conditioned comfort!
 
For those looking forward to September, note that our September dance will be on September 12&mdash;this is the second Saturday in September. We wanted to avoid dancing on Labor Day weekend since many people have travel plans. Our caller will be Scott Amspoker (New Mexico). We&rsquo;ll alternate Mainstream and Plus tips from 7 until 9:30 at the Milwaukie Grange.
 
Our fall Mainstream classes will start on September 9, with a free introduction for new dancers. Classes take place every Wednesday evening from 7-9 pm at the Ankeny Street Studio. Ian Craig will be our instructor this fall.
 
Planning is well underway for our all-weekend dance extravaganza, Scares and Squares, which will take place October 23-25 at the Multnomah Arts Center in Multnomah Village. (Note the date change&mdash;we will be dancing the weekend before Halloween this year.) Callers this year will be Mike DeSisto, Chris Phillips (Florida), and Gary Monday. This is a great opportunity to dance many hours over the course of the weekend&mdash;and we dance all levels from Mainstream through C1. Registration and other information is available at  http://www.rosetownramblers.com/SNS2015/.  SYIAS!
 
Jeff Knapp
