On December 24th some Chaps and Petticoats attended the Tri-Squares Black and White Ball.  The crowd included a lively three squares and the entertainment was unique. The club Caller/Cuer is Terry Halley and Sandra Pinion - they did a musical pantomime to “Me and My Shadow,” where they took turns being the ‘shadow’ (go to trisquares.com ‘photo album’ tab and catch the video).  Terry and Betty also sang a duet to “Baby It’s Cold Outside.”  Yes we were entertained and Chaps also took home one of our visitation Banners.

Tri-squares has an interesting concept to encourage visitors. In these times of declining membership in the square dance world and/or too-few members to complete a square, the Tigard club promotes attendance by awarding a visitation banner IF five out of eight members attend...how cool is that for small clubs?

How did you open your New Year?  Were you fortunate enough to have fireworks?  Hazel Dell Grange did - what a great way to celebrate the New Year.
  
On January 3rd, Chaps and Petticoats opened our first-Friday dance of the new year with Scott Zinser calling and Julie Stiers as Cuer.  We had only one-square but a great time dancing Plus (instead of MS) most of the evening. The cool thing about having fewer people to entertain is you make your own fun - which we did, DBD style - what a great time...thank you everyone.

Did you support your new-dancers at a January-Jamboree?  Chaps and Petticoats new-dancers got to experience taking home a visitation banner at the Country Cut-Ups Jamboree on January 5th.  I’m thinking there were six squares and lots of them were new dancers, including youth - a very successful dance and lots of smiles on the floor as Scott Zinser and Julie Stiers put us through the paces.

Two MS Angels, that help Chaps with lessons at Maplewood Grange, graduated Plus (in one-day) and gave rave-reviews of Rose Town Ramblers’ Caller, Ian Craig, and the unique lesson:  “Learn Plus in One-day” held at Oak Grove Community Center on Saturday, January 11th. A dance was held afterward - a super way to cement the learning curve.

Chaps and Petticoats have two dances coming up - can you join us? On FEB 7th Scott Zinser opens with Plus and we look forward to having Randy Lewis as our Cuer.  Please turn out and help us welcome Randy, whom we haven’t danced to in a while.

Chaps and Petticoats will celebrate our 45th Anniversary on February 21st themed “The FLINTSTONE Dance” because we go “way back!”  We sincerely hope you join us at our stone-age town of Bedrock (a/k/a Maplewood Grange) where we will award three prizes for dressing the era, so come as your favorite caveman/women/kid, dinosaur, wooly mammoth (hides/bones) or other favorite saber-toothed fur cat.  There will be picture opportunities in the “Flintstone mobile” maybe even with your favorite “sound-blaster” Darrell Kalmback or Tami Helms.

See you at Mid-Winter!

Betty Chipps