Greetings from Yreka
    Once again I begin with sad news. We recently learned that our long time round dance cuer, Ward Foster passed away. He passed in Nov. For those of you who knew and remember Ward & Joyce, they were our club cuers for many years, I am not sure of the dates but do recall when they cued for us. They cued in Oregon, as well as other states traveling and cueing dances and festivals. I am not sure of the number of rounds they wrote. We saw Ward at our birthday dance in Sept, I have a few round dance records he used at our dances.

   On a lighter note and staying with the round dance thought, when we get back into full swing of party nights, Elaine has agreed to teach an easy level round at the dances. This will give all dancers the chance to give round dancing a try and hopefully keep it up. Elaine has agreed to be our go to cuer which we are very happy about. Sherrie & I firmly believe round dancing is a major part of the activity.

   Due to weather and road conditions we had to cancel our January party night, we are now shooting for February weather providing. As always we want our dancers to be safe and not risk traveling in bad weather. If the weather is bad or has the potential of being bad please call us and check to see if the dance has been canceled. You can send an email but, a phone call will probably get a quicker response. Our home phone is 530-842-7031 We do have, and carry cell phones which are (Dean) 530-643-1680 (Sherrie)530-340-6132.

     When we get into the swing of things, I will attempt to call to the level of the floor. If there are enough Advanced dancers I will attempt that. I think the level of our dances will lean toward easy basic and soft mainstream because at this point the bulk of our dancers(about a square) are new dancers and we want them to come as much as possible to participate in a club night. As always we invite ALL dancers to attend.

    On a final note we are still planning on holding our Gold Diggers Dance, but due to the nationals and other conflicts we are not sure of the date. Also at this time we do not have any one making our dance fliers, I have had offers from Chuck & Francis but I am hoping to get one of my new dancers to take on that task.. So thank you Chuck & Francis, I will keep you posted.

Hope to see you on the floor
Dean 