 Have you made your resolutions for the new year?  I have two: Send in my report earlier and to dance more to work off the holiday excess.  I have discovered I have to keep the number small as I tend to forget a few. 
 Our reigning King of Hearts, Chet Wolter, and Queen of Hearts, Carolyn Hindman, will ceremoniously hand over their crowns and scepters to a new King and Queen of hearts at our dance February 17th.  Now is the time to show your romantic side and you could find yourself a royal for a year. 
 I would like to put in a THANK YOU  to the visitors we have each week.  Some attend regularly and others just show up when they can.  I know all clubs like to have people visit, so  remember; you can have a new and enjoyable experience dancing with a diversity of callers and guests.  Such a mix provides both change and manageable challenges to both the novice and the seasoned square dancer.  It also gives us a chance to learn something new!
 Plan to attend the New Year’s TVC Dance next year.  We had so much good food left over because illness and nasty rain kept our numbers lower than normal.  The beautiful outfits and multicolored lighting created a festive atmosphere fitting a special dance.  I even saw a couple of tuxes.  Caller Daryl Kalmbach and Cuer Sherri Clark  kept us on our toes in more ways than one using some new calls and old favorites.  
 Tell your Mainstream friends that Plus Lessons are starting noon, February 10th, at the Sunset Presbyterian Church.  It's a good time to brush up on those Plus moves too.  Our three callers give the students a solid grounding in dancing plus and the experience of dancing with different callers, an added plus. (Pun intended)
 Our regular Plus dance is at 1:15 - 3:00 pm immediately after lessons.  Come enjoy our three great callers.  We dance "Every Monday Afternoon" at Sunset Presbyterian Church 14986 NW Cornell Rd. Beaverton, OR 97229.  Please check for up to date information at www.EagerBeavers.info.
  Rachel Nettleton