The Hoppers began the year 2020 with some positive news about our caller, Jim Hattrick.  At the end of December Jim was in the hospital with some pretty serious issues.  At our first dance in January we were grateful to learn that he was recovering at home under the watchful eye of his wife, Judy.  We are hopeful that by the time this is published Jim will have recovered and be back to his usual self, calling and cueing.  Although we have missed Jim, during his absence we have been blessed with the generous spirit of the local callers and cuers who have so ably stepped in to fill his schedule.  We are especially grateful to Craig Abercrombie who did a terrific job calling one of the dances and teaching our square dance lessons for several weeks.  At our first dance in January we were treated to the outstanding calling of Darrell Kalmbach.  Susan Healea did a superb job of cueing to the level of our dancers.  It was great fun to dance to her!  We are extremely fortunate in our area to have so many fine and generous callers and cuers.

     Additionally, we were thrilled to welcome 16 new students to our lesson program at our first lesson in January.   We now have a total of 50 students actively enrolled in our basic, mainstream, and plus levels.  Our club offers 8 week lesson sessions.  New students may begin during the first two lessons of each 8 week session.  Once enrolled, students continue at their own pace, opting either to move on from one level to the next or to repeat the current level until they feel comfortable moving on.  We are extremely pleased with the energy and enthusiasm the students have shown in our classes this year.  It does not necessarily follow that all students will complete the program or that they will join our club.  However, most students have an experience that provides an opportunity to enjoy this great activity and will, perhaps, at some point decide to continue in square dancing either as a club member or as an independent dancer attending various club events.

Jean Tolstrup