 December 2019 is in the history books along with an entire decade.  As Dr. Seuss would say, “How did it get so late so soon?”  The Hoedowners enjoyed the year and the decade right down to the last day.  Are there things we’re thankful for?  Yes, good friends, good times and good memories.  We’re thankful that we dance at the Aloha Grange which is a wonderful facility every square inch of which has been updated, upgraded and improved these past few years.  We’re thankful that we once again had the opportunity to reach out and help a family for the holidays.  We’re thankful for our caller and cuer and the entire square dance community.  God bless us every one as we look forward to another year and the 2020s.
 On December 14th we held our Soupy Toy Dance with dancers from nine different clubs in attendance.  Toys placed under the tree were delivered to Les Schwab and their annual toy drive.  Donations to the Aloha Grange Adopted Family were gathered to wait to be delivered.  We then adjourned to the dining room and consumed or should I say slurped a wide variety of delicious soups.
 The very next day, on December 15th we held our New Dancer Jamboree.  We extended a hearty welcome to the Hoedowner’s new students and to the new dancers from Tri-squares, Toe-Draggers and Oak Hills.  Daryl couldn’t attend so we were serenaded by Craig Abercrombie with Terry Halley calling a tip or two.
 After the dance, we had a great group gather in the dining room as we wrapped the gifts for the Aloha Grange’s Adopted Christmas Family.  There were gifts for the family, for the parents and each of the four children.  It was a festive and rewarding afternoon.
 December 28th was our Pajama Dance.  What a relief after Christmas; spending time in our jammies; cuddly and comfy with elastic waistbands.  Now there were a few folk that apparently wear jeans to bed but the majority lounged around in flannel.  When we adjourned to the dining room, we found pancakes, eggs, hash browns and cinnamon rolls.  It was an absolutely perfect evening dining on breakfast.
 Looking ahead we’ll be going all out for our Black and White Sparkle Valentine Dance on the 8th of February; twinkling lights galore.  Wearing white and/or black is suggested.  Oh, and there will be red for Valentine’s.
 February 22nd is our 70th Anniversary Dance.  Speaking of decades, the Hoedowners have enjoyed seven of them and shooting for 8.  Please join us for a Spaghetti Dinner beginning at 6:15.
  Krystal Laas