Columbia River Dancers has been very busy just getting established as a new Mainstream club in Washington and Oregon.  We were pleased to be voted in to the Evergreen Council.  We have turned in our paperwork and fees for application to the Oregon Federation as well.  It has been a lot of hard work, but the fun and laughter we have had at our dances and lessons make it worth it. 

We dance the 2nd and 4th Saturdays of every month, and will continue dancing throughout the summer thanks to the wonderful air-conditioning at the Clark County Family YMCA where we hold both our dances and lessons.  However, we may go dark in August as many of us will be participating in the &ldquo;Ride to Helena&rdquo; and USA West, as our Caller and his wife, Richard & Leslye Lane, are the President couple of this festival.  With other Vancouver clubs dark this summer, we will also take the opportunity to visit our Oregon neighbors in both the Portland Area Council and the Tualatin Valley Council.  This will help the new dancers get more floor time as well as help us advertise our new club.

We are fortunate to have Richard Lane as our Caller and Cuer.  A former national Caller, he calls a very energetic and entertaining dance.  He sings well and his timing is impeccable. 

We started lessons in January and will continue to hold lessons every Wednesday evening while we have a class.  Some students are from other area clubs and are attending our lessons to review what they&rsquo;ve learned.  Also, a number of Happy Hoppers students recently joined our lessons as the Hoppers ended their lessons before these students were able to take Mainstream (they had completed B-51).  We think it is important to keep these dancers on the dance floor, as we may lose them over the summer if we don&rsquo;t.  We don&rsquo;t care whose club they join, or even whether they join a club; we are focused on keeping them dancing with the goal of growing our favorite leisure activity and avoiding its further decline.

While every dance is special to us, we currently do not have any dance &ldquo;events&rdquo; planned at this time.  However, we will soon be starting plans for our first Anniversary Dance, which will probably be held early next year.

More information on our club can be found at www.ColumbiaRiverDancers.com and on FaceBook, at www.facebook.com/columbiariverdancers.
