April has been busy for us.  On the first Monday we elected new officers, approved a revised constitution, and approved a donation to SummerFest. New officers are Sally Duyck as Chief Dam Builder, Marie Clem as Assistant Dam Builder, Leslie Tallman as Thumper, Mike Duyck as Gnawer, and Nan Overall as TVC representative. We all appreciate their service to the club.  These volunteers step in to help year after year and we all owe them our appreciation and thanks. 
 Tax Day received some recognition at our Rich Man Poor Man Dance thanks to planning by Karen and Ferrous Steinka.  The Poor Man was awarded a can of beans and a plastic pearl necklace.  
 We celebrated our Anniversary Dance with a well attended mainstream dance at the IOOF Hall in Hillsboro and a chicken dinner with all the fixings afterwards.  Marie and Lane Clem did a beautiful job as chairman and deserve our thanks.  The dance was also a special time to say a big thank you to Karen and Ferrous Steinka for continued outstanding support of the club and for consistently promoting square dancing in the community.  They richly deserved receiving this year&rsquo;s "Swenson Award". 
 Speaking of wonderful times, our annual beach trip will be September 16th - 18th in Garibaldi.  Square dancers have special rates at the Garibaldi Inn. Other dancers are invited to join us. We have a variety of activities planned and there will be plenty of food.  We do like to eat.  For more information on activities and space call Nan at 503-291-1966.
 Our plus class graduated nine new plus dancers on April 8th.  Please welcome these new dancers to your dances.  Remember how we needed lots of practice in the beginning. 
 All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, Rounds 1:00 - 1:30; Plus 1:30 - 3:15 p.m., at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton. This hall is air-conditioned which makes dancing a pleasure during the summer. NOTE change of location:  June 22nd, we dance in air conditioned comfort at the Aloha Grange at 185th and TV Highway.  Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info.
  Rachel Nettleton
