February kept us busy.  We started plus classes on February 4th with ten students who are progressing well in spite of having a snow day.  We selected Chet Wolter and Carolyn Hindman to be King and Queen of Hearts at our Valentine dance.  They received chocolate and flowers but in return they have to plan the event for next year.  
 We received Games for our Entertainment Basket as donation to the Alzheimer's fundraising TVC dance on Sunday, May 19th.  
No fooling, we will be dancing April 1st, April Fool’s Day.  Dance with us.  We will not play April fool jokes on you.  And it is not to late to celebrate Spring.  On March 30th come to the TVC Spring Fling, IOOF Hall, Hillsboro, 7:30 PM.  
 If you need some stress release before tax day then stress out at our Anniversary Dance, April 14th, Sunday, Pre Plus & Intermediate rounds are 1:00 to 1:45.  Mainstream and Rounds 1:45 to 3:30,  IOOF Hall, Hillsboro.  Jim Hattrick MC, also Daryl Clendenin, Darrell Kalmbach and Joyce Hooper.  The open break will have lots of appetizers, finger foods, and desserts. 
 Plan ahead for summer fun.  Summer Fest is in Salem, July 19th-21st.   If you can only go for one day, Saturday is $25 at the door.
 Sometimes we have some fun challenging ourselves by switching guys and gals roles.  It is not unusual for a gal to dance the guy’s part although some of the newer dancers says this can be confusing.  I found wearing a hat helps.  The challenge come when two guys are partners or when a guy and gal switch roles.  You really have to know what you are doing to be successful but when you don’t it can get pretty funny.  It is a win-win situation. 
 Earth Day is April 22nd.  Give Mother Earth a little love, she needs all the help she can get. 
 Our plus classes are in full swing so now is the time to brush up on your Plus or come join in the fun of Plus, only $4.  No special outfit needed.  
 The nominating committee has submitted names to the club for consideration.  Our slate of officers are
Mike & Sally Duyck - President,  Ferrous & Karen Steinka - VP,  Marguerite Morin, Secretary, Treasurer, Dolores Fullmer, Leslie Tallman - Delegate,  John Semm - Delegate.   We vote in April, and take office in June.
 We dance every Monday afternoon, even on holidays except Christmas and New Years.  Our callers keep us on our toes each week, always seeming to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  During lessons our schedule is 12:00 - 1:15 class, then 1:15 - 3:00 pm plus and rounds at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  
  Rachel Nettleton