I’m still freezing to death and February is over!  February of 2019 is one for the weather record books and not in a good way.  Even the National Weather Service and local newscasters were befuddled.  The biggest befuddlement of all was for Saturday, February 9th, the night of the Hoedowners’ Roaring 20’s Dance.  The professionals forecast a roaring, multi-day snow storm.  As the professionals say, “In an abundance of caution” the Hoedowners, and every school district, performing arts and athletic group, cancelled.  As you know the snowmageddon, snowpocalypse, snowzilla was just a wet whimper.  Ahh, well my flapper costume will have to lurk in the closet until the Hoedowners re-schedule another Roaring 20’s Dance.  Watch this space for updates!
 Two weeks later the Hoedowners celebrated their 69th Anniversary Dance.  We started the evening with our Annual Winner, Winner Chicken Dinner with baked beans, mac and cheese, coleslaw, potato salad, rolls and butter.  Then it was upstairs to dance.  Darlene Ditsworth decorated the ballroom with vintage club outfits and our wooden dancing couples were decked out in club outfits too. Unfortunately Daryl started feeling ill so Mike Stout stepped in and called for us; a BIG Hoedowner thank you for saving the evening.  Dancers congregated downstairs in the dining room for cake and punch.  We wrote “69 Years Young” on the quickly devoured cake.
 April’s but weeks away so I want to remind you that on April 13th we’ll hold our Circus Dance.  Have clowns been able to improve their reputation?  No matter, there will be clowns, and other denizens of the big top in attendance.  Sorry ladies, Hugh Jackman is unavailable but who doesn’t love circus food??
 On April 27th we’ll be off to the Wild, Wild West for our second dance of the month.  Is your cowboy hat ready, boots and scarves?  Blue jeans are a must and dig out that western belt with the big buckle.  A little fringe improves the outfit.  Plan to see you along the trail.
  Krystal Laas