Hello everyone, 

The other day my granddaughter was telling me that she had learned a new song in Sunday School about a crossed-eyed bear named Gladly. After talking to her mother we realized that the hymn my granddaughter had been singing was really: "Gladly The Cross I'd Bear". Now I don't know if Caller Mark Wheeler or Cuer Mark McDonald will be playing a song about a crossed-eyed bear name Gladly but I sure they have some gospel songs that everyone will enjoy dancing to. Come join the Oaky Doaks at our "Gospel Dance" on Saturday, April 6th, with Pre-rounds starting at 7:00 pm and Mainstream with Rounds starting at 7:30 pm. Open break during the dance with announcements at 9:30.

April will find the Oaky Doaks will be home at the Oak Grove Community Hall for the first Saturday dance only.  On the third Saturday of April we will be going to the beach at Lincoln City. We invite all dancers to come join us at the Best Western – Landmark Inn on Highway 101. Anyone interested in staying with us for the weekend can get a special rate by contacting the hotel directly when making reservations. Just let them know they will be attending our dance there. To get the special rate reservations need to be made no later than April 1st.

The first Saturday in May will find the Oaky Doaks going dark as we will be in Silverton attending the Pacific Northwest Teen Square Dance Festival where the Silver City Squares youth will be once again be defending their first place title. This year’s festival is May 4th & 5th at Silverton High School, 1456 Pine Street, Silverton, Oregon. This is the 70th year that the PNTSDF has been held and only the 3rd time in Oregon. Come join us in encouraging the youth who are our future to square dancing.

See you across the square!

Gary - Oaky Doaks Visitation Chair

And now a message from the Oaky Doaks president:

Unfortunately due to the lack of visitors to our club dances and the fact that we have become a very small dance club, there have had to be some changes made within the club. Starting Saturday February 16th, 2019 we will no longer be using the lower floor of the Oak Grove Community club for our break.  The break will be held as an open break using the small upper kitchen area and table(s) in the back of the hall.  I realize this may be an inconvenience and a bit unorthodox, however it is going to help our club save money. This saddens me because it will be harder for us to socialize with each other.  This is a cost cutting measure only it is nothing against socializing or our friendship.  It will save the club $70.00 a month which will add up over the year. At present time we are financially going in the hole every month, and if we do not change something then we will be on the list of clubs no longer dancing.  I for one do not want to see that happen. This is a fun club that is going through a rough time.  The only way that we can get through this struggle is for all of us to work harder as a single unit to become stronger and support our clubs in the best way possible that we can.

Thank You

Keith Miles
President
