In February we celebrated our 55th Sweetheart of a Birth Dance with just over five squares of dancers and visitors in the hall.  We were pleased to see a very sizeable visitation by the Roseburg Buckeroos who love to visit other clubs on their birthdays and brought us a present too!  Thank you all so much.  We were hoping to see more of our former members and Lifetime Members who do not dance any longer, but the weather was a problem that night and with threat of icy streets some felt it advisable to stay safe at home.  We were delighted to see founding Lifetime Member Babe Roshau come out with the help of her daughter and also Past President Florence Mulvihill who came with our member Chris Vanderlinde and stayed for much of the night.  We had ample cake to go around thanks to our member Susan Mathers.  Thank you, Susan, for ordering and picking it up for our delight.  Enough was left over to serve at the Feb. 22 dance also.  While the dance was not as well attended as we had hoped, it was a fun time with Jim Hattrick calling and Mark Wheeler thee to help Jim, who had to cue as well because Jackie Gale was under the weather with a bad virus of some sort.
 
Feb. 22 was a great time as well for George Hermann called and Jackie was back cueing.  George always calls a fun, fast-paced dance for us, and we truly appreciated the three IWW couples who traveled all the way down here to dance with us.  Such loyal members IWW has.  We were very sorry to hear about Lee Ashwill and hope he okay as he as well as his wife Barbie are very much needed by the State Federation and his home club.
 
Several Single Trees attended the Boots N Sandals’ Chinese New Year’s Dance on Saturday, Feb. 23.  What a fun time dancing to Lennie Ludiker’s calling and Christina Corellis cueing (her voice was gone but she has recordings she uses).  This used to be one of the highlights of the winter season when Lennie called for the Fernridge Twirlers so many years ago.
 
We are looking forward to our spring dances and especially the combined Mexican Fiesta dance which will be held on Saturday, May 11 as the Whirl-A-Ways and Single Trees will be hosting on the WAWs' dance night this year.  There will be the usual lavish taco bar to delight the lovers of Mexican food.   Be sure to mark your calendars and come join us for this one.
 
Gaynor Hintz
Club reporter