IMPORTANT:  ‘What about Christmas?” you ask. Good question.  We will NOT dance on the day after, Monday the 26th. We want you to relax and enjoy friends and family.
 We love “The CREW”.  Eighteen members traveled to Woodburn to enjoy their calling. They do a great job of mixing old favorites with new routines to test our adaptability and sprinkle in a few jokes to keep us laughing.  A good time was had by all.  Do not miss THE CREW next time they put on a show.  
  On October 13th we entertained at the Laurel Parc Western Day for the enjoyment of the residents.  Our dancers were invited to join them for some “old west” grub on “tin” plates with “chicken feed” (chex mix) and sarsaparilla (root beer).  Needless to say all had a good time and were invited back for next year. Thanks to all who attended and our caller, Darrell Kalmbach.
 Sixteen of our members enjoyed the callers and activities at the Seaside Sashay. Richard Lane and Ray Brendzy called.  Ray’s two teenage children even joined in the calling.  Eleven squares danced at the Turn Around and three squares at the Outlet Stores mall.  Over two hundred dancers had an enjoyable weekend.  This item may have people joining our club; two of our members, Judy and Ken, won the split the pot ($149) and a breakfast coupon ($25).  Yes, they will attend again next year. 
 Our Halloween dance showed how creative members can be. Prizes were won by a Clown, Hiawatha, and a Hula dancer.  At the end they all went out for an early dinner at the Golden Crown.  
 Genevieve Churchill is well known in the square dance world as a dedicated supporter for over 70 years. She is a longtime member of our club and is now our eldest member at 105.  See, square dancing keeps you young.
 We dance on most holidays.  Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, 1:00 - 3:00 p.m., at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton. 
 Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club.
  Rachel Nettleton
