The Happy Hoppers' New Year's Eve dance this year is themed as "A Winter Wonderland".  It will take place at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  There will be a light buffet supper starting at 7:30, along with a hot cocoa bar.  At 8:30, the Front Porch Trio (Jim Hattrick, Craig Abercrombie, and Adam Christman) will be in charge for the rest of 2016, wearing matching parkas, in honor of the occasion.  Advance tickets can be had for $15.00.  To get yours, please contact Ron or Emily Chase at 360-892-1105.  Admission will cost $20.00 at the door.  Our New Year's Eve dances are always festive events, so we hope to see you there.

But wait... there's more... In December, we will also keep to our regular schedule of having dances on the first and third Saturdays, with our club caller, Jim Hattrick, presiding.  December 3rd will be a regular dance.  Our Christmas Dance, on the 17th, will feature all singing calls.

At our dances November 19th and December 3rd, we will be accepting donations of unwrapped presents for the Children's Center in Vancouver, like we did last year.  The mission of the Children's Center is to provide quality mental health services to children and families of Clark County.  These are good people performing an excellent service.  It's an honor for us to be able to help them out and to spread a little seasonal joy.

On October 30th, at the Tri-Council "5th Saturday" dance, the Evergreen Council presented the Bob Kendall Award to a couple of Happy Hoppers: Walt and Pauline Eby.  The Kendall Award is given annually to an outstanding couple who have a history of selflessly promoting the fun and fellowship of the square dance community.  That just about describes the tireless efforts of Walt and Pauline.  Congratulations to them for receiving this honor!

On October 11th, the Happy Hoppers hosted a fund raising evening at the Burgerville restaurant  in Orchards, from 5:00 to 8:00.  We delivered trays of food to customers waiting at their tables and cleaned the tables after people left.  That kept us jumping for three hours and we all had a good time.  Our 10% take-home-pay for the club was just under $200.00.  Kudos to Danny and Carol Williamson for arranging and organizing this event!

On December 10th, we will have a visitation with River City Dancers, in Milwaukie.  Les Seeley will be calling and Tammy Helms will be cueing.  Rounds start at 7:30 and squares are from 8:00 to 10:00.

We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive experience.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.    Square dance lessons for new beginners will start on Monday, January 2nd at the Clark County Square Dance Center.
