On Saturday, November 5th, the Oaky Doaks hosted a trophy dance. There were members from the River City Dancers, Floor Dusters, Columbia River Dancers, Tualatin Timber Squares, and B & B’s (sorry if I missed anyone) all with the vision of taking home the grand prize. Everyone had a good time doing the two couple squares and the squarounds (a dance where both square dancing and round dancing is done to the same song) that Mike and Helen called and cued us to. When the final tally was taken the Tualatin Timber Squares were the winners with 60 percent of their members being present at the dance. Congrats to the Tualatin Timber Squares. Next trophy dance is on them.

December will find the Oaky Doaks getting into the festive holiday spirit starting with our all singing call Christmas Gospel Dance on Saturday, December 3rd. Mike Halley will be calling and Helen Halley will be cuing to gospel songs of the holiday season. There will also be a silent auction of gifts and goodies for everyone to look over and bid on as well.

On Saturday, December 10th, the Oaky Doaks members will be gathering together for a potluck holiday dinner. There will be good food, fun games and a gift exchange with lots of funny results.  And maybe even the traditional ugly sweater / skirt contest as well.

Saturday, December 17th, will be the Holly Jolly Holiday Dance where Mike Halley will be calling and Helen Halley cuing to some of the favorite holiday carols / songs. It is rumored that a certain caller from the North Pole just might drop in to join everyone on the dance floor. Maybe if you have been a good boy or girl he might even allow members and guests a photo opportunity to remember the night with. Ho, Ho, Ho!

Don’t forget our new hours that started in September. Pre-rounds at 7:00, Mainstream with a plus tip right before break at 7:30, Break at 9:00 and dance 
ending at 10:00.

Have a Happy and Safe Holiday season. We’ll see you on the dance floor!

Gary -- Visitations Committee
