The smells of the crisp air, decaying leaves, apple cider, and the presence of pumpkins everywhere lets us know that autumn has arrived here in the beautiful Pacific Northwest. 
 R Square D club celebrated the season with a dance on October 14th with no reason to get all gussied up; it was a dance where all wore their best Pajamas. Dancers had the dream team calling, Craig and his buddy Egan. Visiting clubs were, Cougar Squares, Ruff and Ruffles, and Floor Dusters (Oregon). We finished up the evening with heavenly finger foods and then all slipped off to home to climb into bed. 
 On the 22nd, Box Car Boogie was the theme and we served chili and toppings at the break.  We had lots of visitors from Cougar Squares and also visitors from Ruff & Ruffles, Happy Hoppers, Buzzin’ Bees and B&B’s.  The train kept on chugging along with four squares on the floor for much of the night.
 Thank you to Linda and Lonnie Sykes for hosting our monthly meeting on the 17th at the Kelso Senior Center. Another very large celebration happened on October 9th, Charlotte Houghtlen, a refined club member celebrated her 90th birthday. Family, dancing friends and good community friends all came to honor her. Congratulations Charlotte.  
 We welcome the month of December with a B-51/Toy Dance on December 9th; it will be geared for our students and will be called at their level. The toys brought will be donated to a local charity. 
 R Square D’ers were excited to welcome 5 new people to the first night of lessons. Plus starts at 6:30-7:30; Basic 7:30-9:00; Mainstream 9-9:30.  Dark on December 24th.  Please join us as we continue to welcome old and new dancers alike. 
 For more information about the R Square D club please visit our website at www.r-square-d.info or friend us on Facebook.  Our Caller for R Square D is Craig Abercrombie and our cuer is Lonnie Sycks.  
 Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas. 
 Happy Holidays Everyone...
  Marie Geisler 
