We had an all dancers club meeting in April followed by an impromptu hour of dancing that was a lot of fun!  We expressed gratitude for the opportunities we've had to dance this past year and then made some group decisions.

Summer shutdown of existing classes:  Phase 3 Cha classes will end the second or third week in May.  Phase 2 Waltz and Phase 3 Jive classes will end on June 15th with a Graduation Dance Party!  

Exciting Fall Plans  

Phase 3 Slow Two Step (STS) classes (no previous experience required) will begin on September 14th, 2021, Tuesdays 6:30-8:30pm.  It will be a mix of teach/dance for two hours.  If all goes well, it will progress to Phase 4 at some point during the season.  There is the possibility of an hour of workshopping STS from 5:30-6:30 on Tuesdays as well, stay tuned.

Intermediate Foxtrot(FT) dancers (those who have already completed Phase 3 FT) will tackle Phase 4-5 FT on Mondays beginning in September, date & time to be determined.  

Possible new Phase 3 workshop (probably 1.5-2 hours on a weekday morning/afternoon).  A workshop differs from a class in that the workshop format requires dancers to have completed beginner classes for the rhythms being danced.  Specific dances are taught, it is a great opportunity for floor time, dancers refine what they’ve learned and might pick up a new move or two!  Cuers are exploring this possibility, stay tuned! 

4th Friday Dancing Friends Round Dance Party each month, beginning in May and continuing throughout the year.  Phase 4/soft 5 mixed rhythms from 6-7pm,  Phase 2-3-4/soft 5 mixed rhythms rotated from 7-9pm.  

Dancing Friends welcomes you whatever level you are dancing at, come to the dances and workshops to get that all important floor time and have some fun with us!  If you've never danced (and everybody can learn to dance), come to lessons in the fall, you just might amaze yourself!

We had an all dancers club meeting in April followed by an impromptu hour of dancing that was a lot of fun!  We expressed gratitude for the opportunities we've had to dance this past year and then made some group decisions.

Summer shutdown of existing classes:  Phase 3 Cha classes will end the second or third week in May.  Phase 2 Waltz and Phase 3 Jive classes will end on June 15th with a Graduation Dance Party!  
