Our club has started up again!  Hip, hip, ooray!  We normally dance the fourth Fridays of the month, but in our eagerness to get dancing we decided to dance on Friday, May 14 as the 28th fell on Memorial Day weekend. We dance at the Emerald Square Dance Center, 2095 Yolanda Ave. in Springfield.
Our May 14 dance went very well.  We had three squares on the floor for the mainstream tips and two on the floor for the plus half hour from 7:30 to 8PM.  Scott Zinser was calling his best to a floor which was a bit rusty to say the least, but everyone did remarkably well considering our last dance was on Feb. 14,  2020 as president Larry Reetz reminded us.  Jackie Gale called to a full round dance floor, and we were so happy to dance to her fine cueing.  Scott was kind enough to say he would call a “star” tip of plus at 10PM if enough people wanted to stick around and so we did—two squares again stayed while another square stood on the floor talking to one another.  Everyone was so happy to see one another again.  Now with clubs up and down the I-5 corridor dancing we should be back up to par in short order! 

We are encouraging those who should to wear their masks and continue to follow CDC guidelines and to fill out a contact information sheet at the first dance they attend with us  We will also take temperatures at the door for a while.  Those of us who have had our vaccinations can dance without masks if we choose as of May 13 according to the CDC and Governor Kate Brown.

Our next dance will be June 25 with George Hermann calling and Jackie Gale cueing.  We will offer plus from 7:30 to 8PM and have mainstream tips from 8-10PM with no official break.  At this time we are asking people to bring food and beverages just for themselves and not to share although perhaps by June we can consider going back to sharing our goodies and offering coffee, tea on the break bar.  We’ll have to see how things are going by then.  Watch for our email posts.  If you want to be on the list, please contact me at (541) 741-4149.

Meanwhile, happy dancing!

Gaynor Hintz
Club Reporter