The day after Thanksgiving, Friday, November 23rd, was our annual Gospel Dance.  Our regular caller, Randy Dibble, was away for a much deserved family holiday and National Caller Dan Nordbye guest called for us, with Julie Stiers cueing.  Unfortunately the attendance was low this year with just three squares, but those who came out had a great time.  All dancers present knew Plus, so Mr. Nordbye called our Mainstream Dance at the Plus level.  
 We have two dances coming up later in December that have not happened at this writing.  
Our New Dancer Christmas Dance will be 4th Friday, December 28th at Mainstream level.  It’s after Christmas, but there’s still holiday time cheer to share.  Randy Dibble is the caller and Julie Stiers is the cuer.  This will be Julie Stiers last dance to cue on a regular basis for the Valley River Dancers.  Julie has been a great cuer for our club as well as friend and will be missed at our dances, but we will see her across a square somewhere in the area.  We wish Julie well in her future endeavors.  Bring a wrapped $5 gift to the dance for an exchange game.  You can probably pick up something interesting after Christmas for a bargain!  Bring your students and come out for a fun night of dancing in Newberg.
 The next 5th Saturday ‘A’ Dance is December 29th, called by Randy Dibble, to be held at Woodburn Estates Country Club Auditorium, 7-9 p.m.  (Advanced only dancing, no rounds)  [ I can’t help but interject here that apparently smiling is optional.  Have you watched ‘A’ dancers in action?  If you have then you may have noticed very few of the dancers are smiling.  Well, as a newer dancer with practically the entire club dancing ‘A’ except for me, I wondered if they were actually having any fun since the look on their faces might be saying otherwise.  So, I asked several ‘A’ dancers, “Why do you look so serious, aren’t you having any fun, and if you aren’t having any fun, why do you want to show up, pay and dance ‘A’?”  All of the ‘A’ dancers I asked said it’s tons of fun, they really enjoy it, and they are just listening for the calls, concentrating on where they are supposed to be and enjoying the challenge.  So now we know!  They all highly recommended ‘A’ lessons adding that it will cause Mainstream and Plus dancing abilities to be all the more effortless as well.  Randy Dibble offers ‘A’ classes typically twice a year, and they workshop ‘A’ weekly so if you’re interested, more square dancing fun awaits! ]
 With Julie Stiers leaving us for guest cueing opportunities after our 4th Friday December dance, beginning in January we have new cuers.  Our 2nd Friday Plus Dance will be cued by Ken and Dianne Pratt and include some intermediate rounds.  Our 4th Friday Mainstream Dance will be cued by Sherri Clark.
 Monthly Round Dance Workshops, led by Ken and Dianne Pratt will begin in January just prior to our Plus Dance on 2nd Friday, (January 11th) starting at 6:30 p.m. for 45 minutes with intermediate pre-rounds for 30 minutes beginning at 7:30 p.m.  If you stay for the Plus dance that follows at 8 p.m., the charge for both the workshop and dance is $10.  General admission to the dance alone is $6 donation, and the workshop and pre-rounds alone is $6.  The first workshop will focus on 2 step to review any challenges there.
  Josie Rosenbury
