The Boring Barn is never a boring place to come! The Country Cut-Ups have a very busy schedule in the merry month of May. We square and round dance every 1st, 3rd, and 5th Saturday night, with Plus from 7:00 to 7:30 PM on 1st
and 3rd Saturday, followed by Mainstream. 5th Saturdays are all Plus level.

Once again, we are having our annual Barn Sale (quenched by COVID for the past 2 years) on May 20th and 21st from 9:00 to 4:00. We have stored up 3 years of things to sell, so we will definitely have something you need! Come out and find your treasures. All Cut-Ups needed to help with set up on the Tuesday before. Call Dan Ragland with any questions, he is the head honcho for this event. Kudos to Dan and all his work!

We are offering lots of dancing for our community. Lynn is still teaching line dancing every week on Thursdays from 5:00 for beginners and 6:00 for more experienced dancers, but all are welcome to come to both hours for only $5. To learn more, go to:
https://www.meetup.com/line-dancing-at-the-boring-barn/ .

Don and Michelle Garwood are teaching Cowboy Two Step on Thursday evenings from 7:30 to 9:30 PM. This is not round dancing; this is the one where the guy learns to lead and you can dance it anytime, anywhere you have the right music! Great social skill to learn, and it is popular with our community. Bring a partner and the cost is $7 for the two of you. There is talk of moving these to Friday nights and start offering some dances on Saturday nights opposite our square dances for the Two Steppers and Line Dancers in our area, so stay tuned for more information.

Our club is also offering some round dancing classes taught by Tami Helms, so for more information, call Young Lumsden.  Young's number is (503) 791-7779. We graduated 10 new mainstream students this spring and several are eager to learn more dancing.

Our club President and also the PAC President, Robert Lumsden and his lovely bride of 45 years, but forever Young, are celebrating with a FREE dance on May 22nd.  We will dance from 2:00 PM and also see the River City Riders perform their new routine, “Tri-Ride”. Robert, Young, and Ron Rasmussen have all joined the River City Riders to give the horses some new blood. The River City Riders are now sponsored by the Country Cut-Ups, who currently have several who enjoy horsing around.

See you on a dance floor,
Bev De La Bruere