Lots going on here at the Buckeroo Barn! Lessons are moving forward and all of the students are having a great time and learning lots. We are taking them down to Grants Pass for the Midway Dance in order to get some additional floor time before Mid-Winter. 
Our annual wreath project is moving full speed ahead! Members are working hard to put together beautiful holiday wreaths. There is no better way to welcome family and friends to your home for the holidays than to have them greeted with one of these beauties on your front door. We will have some for sale at our first annual Holiday Craft Bazaar. Come do some shopping, meet with Santa, and enjoy some holiday treats. Check out our website for all the details.
We had the honor of celebrating Dale Roberson this past month. He has been calling for the past 50 years and has a special place in our hearts. He has traveled all over Oregon to call and was the Buckeroo Club Caller for many years. We had visitors from all over the area. We are still lucky enough to have him call here at the barn from time to time. Check out our flyers and join us for one of his dances…you will be glad you did!
We also had the opportunity to celebrate and honor our Veterans in the Veteran’s Day Parade here in Roseburg. A square of dancers marched in the parade and then we all met up at Abby’s for pizza and socializing. Many of us had family members who were in WWII and this day gives us a chance to reflect and honor their strength.
The Charlie Brown Squares will be celebrating their 50th Anniversary the first Saturday in December. The Buckeroos are going dark so that we can all drive down and help them celebrate. We are looking forward to big party!
We having a special 5th Saturday dance in December. Scott Zinser will be joining us from Portland, Oregon to call the squares. Instead of having rounds between squares at this dance, we will be joining forces with the DC Dancers and have line dances. The DC Dancers rent the Barn from us, and we are excited to work together on this special dance. The very next night, we will have our New Year’s Eve celebration with Chuck Simpkins calling the squares and to cue the rounds we will have Neil Koozer.

See you in a square soon!
Robin P. Faltersack
