Our next scheduled dance is December 30, but we will not have a dance because New Year's Eve is the following day. Roger Putzler and Christina Corelli will offer a New Year's Eve dance on December 31st for $2.50 which was the entrance for dances back in the early 80's. Dancers are encouraged to bring a pie. 

Our first scheduled dance for 2018 is March 31st. That is the Emerald Area Benefit Dance. The beneficiary will be Honor Flight. We've had several dancers in our area take advantage of this opportunity to thank a veteran. Several dancers have accompanied their fathers and other honorees to Washington D.C.  CCCA callers and cuers offer their talents for this event if asked. The area is in charge of this particular dance. It's an important and special dance we all look forward to each year. And, because so many of us personally know veterans and families who have attended Honor Flight or who are eligible, makes it even more special.

We are sorry to report that Janet Geiger's dad passed away after coming back to Oregon from Florida where they just missed the big hurricane, Irma. Janet had been living with her dad in Florida taking great care of him. Her dad's siblings are Joy Pitts and Melba Walker. We offer our condolences to Clarence's family.  Janet is again working on her calling skills. She was in Roger Putzler's calling class and works at it. We can't wait to dance to her calling.

Kirby Goode remains on 'in home' hospice care. Christina and their caregiver, Jake Westra, look after Kirby and attend to his every need. The Peace Health hospice team is not only present often during the week but also on call any time of day or night. The team is made up of caring, competent and very special people who work hard to make and keep Kirby comfortable. We all enjoy each and every one of these fine folks.

Hope to see you all at the March 31st dance. Our next future CCCA dance isn't until June 30, 2018.

See you in a square,
Christina Corelli
Member and Secretary of Cascade Callers and Cuers Association (CCCA)