Why does the beginning of each new month come as such a shock?  I guess for square dancers who love dancing at weekend dances, Angeling at lessons during the week and working to make our hobby a fun and engaging activity, the days are so full that time never lags.  We’re just trying to find enough time to fit it all in!
 On October 14th Hoedowners held our Octoberfest Dance.  A polka always highlights a square dance but the most interesting comment at the end of the evening was “The plates were too small”.  The Hoedowner cooks outdid themselves and we promise we’ll have the big, heavy duty plates next year so participants can truly load up on the German inspired offerings.
 October 18th was our Do Si Do Donut Night at new dancer lessons.  Angels and new dancers alike enjoyed the assorted pastries.  This vibrant class of 20 knows how to put away those carbs with an assist from our Angels.  Do carbs help or hinder learning?  Science can’t decide but this group is learning at a speedy pace.
 The Seaside Sashay was held October 27th and 28th so Hoedowners went dark.  Could late October weather be any better?  The high reached 75 degrees on Friday afternoon and Saturday skies were a brilliant blue.  Dancing at the turnaround, dancing at the outlet malls, perusing the craft fair, cruising through businesses in town getting stamps for the “passports”, it was a marvelous day.  Saturday evening the Hoedowners planned to meet for dinner and dag nab it the restaurant was closed because of computer issues.  Couldn’t even call and warn us because reservations are stored on the computer.  Clay and Kelly McCaw were the first arrivals to find the sign in the window, they gave me  a quick call, so I rang Finn’s Fish House and we were in business 15 minutes later.  What a great crew to rearrange their dining room to accommodate the 13 Hoedowners on such short notice.  Great food, great staff and I’m sure we’ll be back.  Doug Morgan won the drawing for the evening’s Grand Prize and was darn glad he got all those business stamps.  Our own Ferrous Steinka won the Men’s Mud Wrestling Contest.  Now I’m not one for gossip but there were several rumors floating around the dance floor about collusion and bribery on the professional mud wrestling circuit but we’re confident it hasn’t spread to these local events.  When asked, Ferrous is mum on the issue.
 What’s Up?  On December 9th we’ll hold our Spirit of Giving Dance.  Holiday music and all the donated toys left under the tree will be delivered to needy kids.
 Sunday December 10th, is our New Dancer Jamboree 1:30-3:30 pm.  We invite you to spread your holiday spirit and introduce new dancers to what a real square dance is like.
 December 23rd is our Christmas Dance.  We invite you to put your holiday preparation on pause and join us for an evening of holiday music, holiday lights, the small of fresh greenery and a cookie or two.
 The Hoedowners want to wish everyone the best of the holiday season and a remarkable 2018.
  Krystal Laas
