Willamette Squares was in a celebratory mood for the month of October. It happened to be our birthday month, and we had a well attended birthday/Halloween dance! Many dancers came in costume, and of course, there was a beautifully decorated birthday cake among the array of food items. It was such a fun dance of both square dancing and rounds! 
Guests of honor were Brice and Nancy Baker, who after years of membership in Willamette Squares are no longer going to be square dancing. They have played an integral part in what Willamette Squares is today. Not only have they been active in square dancing, but they have been gracious host and hostess for more lessons than we can count. Nancy with her excellent culinary skills has graced our food table with more than her share of goodies, and her reputation for our annual Thanksgiving feast has been widespread. Brice has walked miles hauling in from their motorhome/van  dishes and decorations galore which then needed to be brought back out for the trip home. They both have been instrumental in transforming our space into a Christmas wonderland as they brought another load of decorations and food. Brice has brought his camera and through his photographs has made memorable so many of our fun times. This couple, although no longer physically dancing, will always remain a part of Willamette Squares.
Our club honored them at Nancy and Gary Ohren's home with a special send off. There was a meal, to which, for once, Nancy did not have to contribute anything, and entertainment which consisted of two solos by Shari and a group sing-along led by Jodee and her ukulele, Steve, Gary, and Nancy O. Nancy spoke on behalf of Brice and her, and the heartfelt love and appreciation for Nancy and Brice was shared by all. 
Lessons are progressing nicely. The new dancers will undoubtedly be enjoying the number of new dancer dances that will be in full swing. It is fun to share our love of square dancing with them as they become ready to graduate from formal lessons to actual dances where they can put into practice what they've learned.
Willamette Squares will not be meeting at our regular time during the month of January but will be resuming our regular schedule after Mid-Winter.
Willamette Squares offers a special ticket as a raffle prize for a free entry into the Salem Square Dance Center for one of our dances. Those tickets need to be returned, as we had none to pass out at our last dance. If you happen to have one, would you please bring it back to our next dance or see that one of our members gets it to replenish our supply? Thank you. Jodee Howard
