How can anyone not celebrate December 2017 when we were gifted with a White Christmas?  Our family always ventures far and wide for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.  The snow made for some wonderful pictures and we all arrived safely.  Hope your friends and family did too.
 On the 9th of December, we held our Spirit of Giving Dance, an evening of Christmas music and gift giving.  Thanks to all who put toys under the tree for needy kids.  Mike and Sally Duyck love dropping those gifts off.
 The very next day, Sunday, December 10th, was our annual New Dancer Jamboree.  It’s always great fun to see the students you’ve been dancing with each week at lessons flourish on the floor with regular dancers and students from other programs.  Five squares enjoyed the brilliant, sunny afternoon on the dance floor.
 The Aloha Grange #773 reaches out to all of their tenants to help with their adopting a needy family each year for the holiday season.  The Hoedowners were given a list of the families’ wishes we donated money and gifts to fulfill their requests.  The delivery to the family was made Sunday, December 17th and we received an update, thank you cards and a photo of the Brown family.  We’re all thankful to the Grange for giving all of us the opportunity to reach out to others during the holiday season.
 December 23rd was our Christmas Dance and last chance in 2017 to dance to Christmas music.  We had over five squares dancing and celebrating pre Christmas Eve.
 Many of our members attended the TVC New Year's Eve dance to ring in the new year.  Hoedowners came in 2nd place in attendance with Sunset Promenaders coming in 1st winning the TVC Banner.  
 The Hoedowners have been developing a new club outfit.  A seven member subcommittee started meeting in June, making suggestions, looking at other club outfits and discussing options.  In November the membership was notified that the subcommittee had decided on a shirt design and had narrowed the skirt choices to two.  The outfits have been worn or on display at lessons and dances since then and voting began on December 5th.  The choice has been made and we intend to premier our new Club Outfit at Mid-Winter Festival.  Hope to see you there!
 February 10th will see us celebrating chocolate and Oregon’s birthday at our Queen of Hearts Dance.  
 February 24th we’ll celebrate our 68th Anniversary Dance.  How was 1950?  Well the year began with Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer at #1 on the charts and Tennessee Waltz wrapped the year at the top.  Both songs are classics and so are the Hoedowners.  Please join us for a Chicken Dinner which begins at 6:15.  We’ll be serving until the food runs out.
  Krystal Laas
