Willamette Squares started off the New Year with its new dancer dance on Jan.7 at the Salem Square Dance Center. It was equestrian themed.  We hope many of you  beginning dancers and seasoned ones were there in your equestrian attire, and if the caller gave you free rein, you pranced around that square, heads held high! New dancer dances are always fun as the dances are geared for everyone's level. Some used square dance clothing was made available for us to sell, so we hope you found a good deal. 
Willamette Squares regular dance is the fourth Saturday evening of each month in Salem at the Square Dance Center. After going dark in December because of the holidays, and in January because of Mid-Winter, we will be back in the saddle, so to speak, for the month of February, and are looking forward to our regular fourth Saturday evening dances resuming in 2018, full of good times on the dance floor. 
We have come around the homestretch with our lessons. Both square and round dance lessons will reach completion by January 21. Graduations will take place first, after the final round dance lesson, and second, after the final square dance lesson on the evening of the 21st. We hope many of you can make it to cheer our graduates on and congratulate them on their accomplishments. On February 4, new round dance lessons consisting of the waltz and hosted by Willamette Squares at the Salem Square Dance Center will begin. There will be no further square dance lessons until next fall.
We are saddened to hear of the recent deaths of a number of our square dance family. Earl Restoff and Jay Stimler have a history with us. Earl used to accompany his wife, Goldie, who at one time was our cuer. Jay used to cue for our club, and he and his wife, Bonnie, used to teach round dance lessons for us. I recall, in particular, whether cueing or teaching rounds, Jay, with a twinkle in his eye, always told a joke or riddle to engage us right away. Once in awhile he would get on a roll, and after a bit, Bonnie, with a similar twinkle in her eye, would interrupt him with a comment like, "Okay, that's enough, Jay!"  We'd all laugh with twinkles in our eyes and promptly move on to the lesson or song. Great times were had and great memories created.
We wish everyone a prosperous new year filled with lots of square and round dance steps under each one's belt. We send yellow rocks to all of our square dance families. Jodee Howard
