We are very excited to announce that we have a new Caller -- JIM HATTRICK!  Jim will be calling our 4th Saturday dances and he and Mark Wheeler will continue to teach our Wednesday evening lessons.  Jim is a very popular guy and in pretty high demand, so we will still have a variety of Guest Callers for our 2nd Saturday dances.  We feel incredibly blessed to have snagged such an awesome Caller and Entertainer!

We had a ton of fun in October with the Toe Draggers and the Buzzin Bees.  We "kidnapped" the Toes' Caller, KC Curtis, and Cuer, Bev Flint, who called/cued our first October dance.  We sent the Toes a ransom note telling them we would return KC and Bev if they met our demands of sending at least 1 full square of Toes to our dance.  They exceeded our demands by sending two squares and the Bees also brought a square to ensure KC's safe release from captivity, as he is their new Caller.  Even though we let KC and Bev go, the Bees put out a Wanted Poster for our club due to kidnap crimes committed!  They haven't caught us yet because about 2 squares of us hid at the Seaside Sashay, but we hope to be at their door soon begging for forgiveness and for our banner (we only have 1 left!).  We had a wonderful time in Seaside, where our President, Dale Smith, won the Mud Wrestling contest.

Our last October dance was called by Randy Dibble, and over half of the Country Cut-ups visited us.  We love the Cut-ups!  What a friendly, fun bunch of folks! 

Jim Hattrick will be calling and cueing our dance the Saturday after Thanksgiving.  We will start with 1 hour of Plus and follow with a Basic-level dance for new dancers.  Come join us as we dance off some of the calories consumed on Thanksgiving and show the new dancers how much fun we have at square dances!

We are also excited about our 1st dance in December -- a Caller that recently moved to the Salem area from Bellevue Wash., Cliff Nichols, will be calling with Debbie Combs cueing.  We’ve heard some good things about Cliff, and we’re looking forward to dancing to him.  We will be dark the day after Christmas but look forward to dancing on New Year's Eve with the TVC, the Hoppers, the Cut-ups, or...?

Nancy Smith for Nick Johnson
