The Hoedowners began October on the 1st in high gear when a group picked up and delivered benches to the Aloha Grange to replace the old splintery ones.  It has really added to the transformation of the ballroom.  We can’t wait until you have a chance to attend one of our dances and enjoy the upgrade.  

Some ladies were starting to frown,
From slivers and snags in their gown.
But they soon got the news
That the Grange had new pews
And they’re now free to dance and sit down.

On the 3rd of October a group of 25 Hoedowners attended the Sunset Promenaders’ Anniversary Dance.  We celebrated their 30th by dancing with Dan Preedy calling and Ken Pratt cuing.  The questions is did we come to dance or did we really show up for the ham dinner and those famous crescent rolls!  Was it a toss-up?  Heck no, the Promenaders are such a great group of friends we didn’t want to miss their celebration.

Oct 10th was our very own, first ever, Oktoberfest Dance.  Was it a success? JA!  It was a real “bauerntanz” that was enjoyed by all.  Mike Duyck was wearing authentic lederhosen in a little longer length than you normally see, Sean Warren was wearing his Bavarian Alpine hat and Deb Olson had on a darling dirndl dress.  Did you know that traditional German costumes include pettipants for the ladies? I guess that’s where square dancers got the idea.  But the most spectacular part of the evening was the German feast.  The delicious smells wafted up the stairs and 8 tables were full of dancers partaking of the sausage, sauerkraut, potato salad, cheese, soups, red cabbage, chocolate cake, special desserts and I know I’m leaving things out.  It was a great evening.  A group of 38 Hoedowners headed west for the Seaside Sashay on Oct 16th and 17th.  The calling and cuing for the entire two days was fabulous.  Thanks to our own Daryl Clendenin for being part of the team.  This was the most successful Sashay ever.  Saturday morning the weather cooperated enough for the annual dancing at the turnaround to be a success, the Seaside merchants had all sorts of games and gift certificates, even a craft sale.  Saturday evening we Hoedowners got together for a lovely dinner then onto dance the night away.  Our after party capped the weekend with appetizers by the fire.  Thanks to the Valley Squares who joined us.  We’ve found that the rain gods can be held at bay by laughter!  

On Oct 24th the Monster Mash transformed the ballroom into a scene from a haunted house.  The chandeliers glowed faintly while the black lights made an eerie haze.  Ghosts and spiders crept about and an odd assortment of characters appeared in the gloom; zombies, Rod Stewart, Mr. Clean, a Dutch Brothers barista, a cleaning lady, skeletons, the eye woman and some other creepy types.  And if you escaped to the dining room, you were greeted with smoke and fog, witches brew punch and other ghastly delights.  

On the 28th, we shared a bit of Halloween fun with our outstanding New Dancers Class.  A little glow, a little creepy crawly, a little Booooogie as we enjoyed hot spiced cider and appetizers to warm everyone after cold fingers had traced our spines and finally spooky treats to take home.

The Tri Council dance on Halloween had a crowd of Hoedowners.  Can you believe it?  The torrential downpour didn’t keep our members away, and the TVC had the most dancers in attendance.  

What winter delights await us in December?  Our New Dancers Jamboree will be on Sunday December 6th, 1:30 to 3:30 PM.  I know we’ll be dancing to songs of the season at our Toyland Dance on December 12th.  Please help us ring the Christmas tree with new, unwrapped toys for needy kids.  And for our last dance of the year on December 26th it will be our Pajama Party Dance.  What better way to spend the day after Christmas than relaxing in your jammies with breakfast food at break.  

Krystal Laas
