We continue to dance on the fourth Friday of every month at the Emerald Square dance Center.  Our 4th Friday dance in September saw a big, spontaneous visitation from the Salem Swingin’ Stars.  This was our first dance of this season with four squares on the floor thanks to the Stars and friends.  Jim Hattrick called and cued that night as Jackie Gale couldn’t make it.  He delights the crowd, both round and square dancers alike.  What a great sense of humor he has!  He was joined by his fellow caller and friend, Craig Abercrombie, who will be our caller November 26th.  Jim will call and cue on Oct. 22 which will be our Halloween dance (costumes encouraged).   Both of them can call and cue which has made it nice when Jackie is unable to be with us.  
We tried out our new dance format that night—starting with 15 minutes of rounds followed by one plus tip and then doing two mainstream tips with one plus tip the rest of the evening from 8 to 10PM.  We are still not taking breaks and due to COVID restrictions no shared food or drink is available.  Dancers are urged to bring their own.  Also, while the mandate is in effect masks or face shields are required and everyone is encouraged to use hand sanitizer between tips or wash their hands

In December because our 4th Friday dance had to be canceled (Christmas Eve), we decided to host a dinner/dance on Saturday, Dec. 18 with George Hermann calling, and, we hope, Jackie Gale cueing.  If the mandate is lifted by then, we will have a potluck dinner with ham and rolls supplied by the club and side dishes and desserts supplied by the dancers which will start at 6:30.  Our dance will begin at 7:30 as usual with our new format.
In November Jim Hattrick will be back calling our 4th Friday dance.

In December we are hoping to have a third Saturday Christmas dinenr and dance with George Hermann calling.  By then we hope the mandate for masks will be at an end and we can sit down and enjoy our traditional Christmas dinner with ham and the trimmings.  We will start our dinner at 6:30PM and then have our usual format.  Please come join us for one of these dances if not al!  We’d love to have you.
Happy dancing to all!
Gaynor Hintz, Club reporter