October makes you think of pumpkins and that leads to considering how you will celebrate Halloween.  Did you hear about the idea of moving Halloween to a Friday earlier in the month so it would not be so dark for the Trick or Treaters?  Maybe it would be better to stay on Daylight Saving Time all year instead of switching to Standard Time.
 The Eager Beavers annual picnic is a low key affair except for one thing  - food.  We do like the pot luck system of multiple delicious offerings.  After eating we mostly sat in our foldable chairs occasionally stirring our bones to pitch bean bags at a large board with holes in it and marked 1, 2, 3, HR, and OUT.  After a big meal this is the best way to play baseball.  Noble Woods Park in Hillsboro is a lovely place for a picnic which is why we return year after year.
 We attended the TVC fifth Saturday dance on August 31st with Daryl Clendenin calling and Connie Clark cueing.  It was a little on the warm and humid side but we all had a good time.  Thanks to the Valley Squares for co-hosting the event with the TVC.  It is the policy of the Eager Beavers to visit all of the anniversary dances for TVC clubs.  At this writing we plan to attend as many of the club anniversaries dances as possible.
 New Year’s Dance has a color theme in case you needed an excuse for a new outfit: black, red, silver.  We and the Sunset Promenaders are hosting this dance with some help from the TVC.  When you are planning for Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas do not forget to include a night of great dancing to welcome in the New Year.
 We dance on most holidays. Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, 1:00 p.m. - 3:00, at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  Please check for up to date information at www.EagerBeavers.info.
  Rachel Nettleton
