Four squares attended the PAC 5th-Friday Dance on August 30th with Daryl Clendenin and Sherri Clark as Caller and Cuer - what a great way to kick off the Labor Day weekend.  We appreciate all who joined us.

Announcement:  the PAC 5th-Friday dance on November 29th, has been cancelled - it’s a long Thanksgiving weekend…enjoy!

Please mark your calendar for these PAC 5th-FRIDAY dances in (the first half of 2020)…

January 31, 2020 - “New Dancer” dance 
CALLER/CUER:  Scott Zinser/Stephanie Lozano

May 29, 2020
CALLER/CUER:  Girls Night Out  (Sandy Harris, Jackie Gale & Cora Lynn Butz)

Did you attend the State Federation events of September 7th-8th at Maplewood Grange?  PAC and other councils too, truly did serve a potluck worthy of a King (and Queen) on Saturday.  Much praise was expressed for the good food - thanks to ALL who provided such a fine meal (the beginning to a good party) and the angels who worked hard to spic-n-span the kitchen and return the hall to as-found condition.  

Eight+ squares attended the State dance, on Saturday, with Scott Zinser calling and Dave Cooper cueing - these two guys know how to throw a party!  When the Federation Executive Board was introduced, both side benches, that run the length of the Grange, were filled with dancers and several were still standing - all our councils certainly gave our Federation Board a BIG welcome!  In addition the Portland Area Council also had Board members and Delegates in attendance and PAC dancers were a big reason attendance was so great.  Warm is a good feeling...thanks to every ONE who made this weekend such a huge success. 

On Sunday, September 8th, the State Federation Board met and Incoming Officers were installed.  

As PAC scurried about, with enthusiasm over the weekend, to see all our planning come together, we are met with the knowledge that hosting is only a small part of the big picture.  We wish to express our gratitude to all the Federation for the work you do!!  With PAC’s new-found knowledge, we will be ready, come 2022, to once again host the State Federation meetings.

See you in a square!  
Betty Chipps
PAC Delegate to State