Celebrate the day our tiny group of upstart rebels declared their independence from Great Britain, a much more powerful country.  It was amazing they succeeded so now we celebrate with eating and fireworks.  I wonder how the rebels were treated by those still loyal to Great Britain?  This bit of history should be interesting.  Yes, we will be dancing on July 2nd at the Sunset Presbyterian Church. 
 We had our first ever appreciation dinner thanks to a generous donation from Mary Johnson’s will.  Fifty members came together for an excellent dinner at the Public House in Bethany on May 15th.  Photographs and slides from years past showed members as they looked twenty or more years ago which can be a shock when you do not feel older.  I wish I could thank every single person who had a hand in setting up the venue, finding and sorting all the excellent photographs and slides, sending out maps so we all came to the right place, creating an ice breaker, and giving everyone a chance to talk about the long history of the club and the people who helped create that history.  Everyone agreed it was the best idea ever.  Thanks to all who helped with the event, it was fabulous. 
 You might enjoy visiting the Washington County fair in Hillsboro July 26th - 28th. There is a parking fee but close to MAX station, and there is no entrance fee.  See bigfairfun.com for schedules. 
 Our Plus students graduated with honors so welcome these new Plus dancers when they visit your club. Some of them are still a little nervous and so was I when I first ventured out into new clubs.
 Even if you work on Mondays, you can join us once in a while; we dance every Monday, even on holidays except Christmas and New Years.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  "Plus Workshop" through June at noon to 1:00 and our regular dance is 1:00 to 3:00 pm, at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.
 Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club
  Rachel Nettleton
