The Oaky Doaks were busy with many events in July. On July 1st, we gathered together to celebrate America’s 241st birthday with a cookout and dance. Club President Eugene Ivy cooked up the hamburgers and hotdogs while the rest of the board members did the kitchen duties for guests and members. After enjoying the meal, we squared up to Caller Mark Wheeler and Cuer Molly Combs for some fine after dinner dancing.

As any club knows, fundraising is an important function to being able to stay operational. Several members of the Oaky Doaks were involved with one of our annual fundraising events over the Fourth of July weekend by working at a fireworks stand. Another one of our annual fundraising events, the Oaky Doaks Yard Sale, will be happening the weekend of August 11th to the 13th. Watch for a flier with more information on this.

We were dark the third Saturday in July because someone had come up with the Capitol Idea of the Summer Festival that weekend.  So, several of us headed to Salem to enjoy all the activities, callers, cuers, and fellowship that it had to offer. 
We rounded out the month with our annual club picnic at Hillendale Park in Oregon City on the 22nd and on the 25th with a pot luck / cookout / club meeting. It was here we had the Passing of the Torch of leadership to our new board members: 

President – Keith Miles, First Vice President – Connie Rodgers, Second Vice President – Angie Clark, Secretary – Cheryl Hoke, 
Treasurer – Chris Suran and Member at Large – Teresa Morgan.

For the first dance in August, it will be our Thorns and a Rose Dance. This will be a special one-night only, trio dance with Callers George Herman, KC Curtis and Darrell Kalmbach and Cuer Patter Herman. Pre-rounds start at 7:00 with Mainstream going from 7:30 to 10:00. A plus tip may be done prior to going down for the 9:00 break. 

On August 19th Caller Mark Wheeler will be back along with Cuer Molly Combs to lead us in square and round dancing with Pre-rounds starting at 7:00 and Mainstream going from 7:30 to 10:00. A plus tip may be done prior to going down for the 9:00 break.

Don’t forget about the Oaky Doaks Yard Sale in August as well.

Hope to see you across the square soon.
Gary Egan – Visitation Committee
