The Sunset Promenaders went on a Mystery Trip on Saturday, June 24th and it was a special the fun time enjoyed by all.  Fun and games were the main order of business as about 40 dancers boarded the bus headed for a club in the vast unknown.  We had Callers Dan Nordbye and Mark Wheeler aboard and Cuer Ken Pratt just in case we found a place to dance along the way (we did!).  Games beginning with guess where we are going, what club will we dance with and how many miles will we travel were prevalent throughout the afternoon and evening hours.  Many thought we were headed south, but a few had the direction right by guessing clubs in Washington.  The team of Julie Stiers and Judy Schnase had it all planned out and even did a couple of "stand-up" routines that had everyone laughing or groaning.  They did a great job of planning, except no one planned on the momentous traffic delays through Portland and on I-5 through Washington.  Who knew they would be doing road construction on a 100 degree Saturday afternoon.  The delays gave us all time to enjoy the scenery as we slowly passed through and time for some bus bingo.  Luckily there were plenty of snacks and even a sandwich lunch so we would have the energy to dance when we finally arrived at our destination more than 6 hours after we boarded the bus.  We ended up in Kirkland, Washington where the Samena Squares greeted us as we got off the bus then treated us to a wonderful dinner before we started dancing.  We thank all who helped plan the trip and joined us on the bus, we were evenly divided with club members and friends of Sunset Promenaders.  All in All, an air conditioned bus full of dancing friends is a pretty nice place to be on a 100 degree day!
 In August we have two Mainstream dances and three Plus dances planned; Mainstream dates are the 5th, and 19th, and the Plus are the 3rd, 17th, and 31st. The callers are Mike Stout for Mainstream, Darrell Kalmbach for Plus, for Round dance cueing we have Ken Pratt.  Come visit us in our air-conditioned hall in Hillsboro.  Please check out our new website www.sunsetpromenaders.com  
  Tom & Janice Sminia
