March brought elections for our club, and it went smoothly this year, as our board was all willing to serve another year and were re-elected. Ron Rasmussen is our publicity officer, Linda and Charlie Phillips serve as secretary, and Debbie and Dan Ragland continue as treasurer. First vice president remains Tom and Katie Cassatt, second vice president is Robert and Young Lumsden, and returning president is Marc and Bev De La Bruere. Our club has been able to increase our membership and increase our attendance at dances this past year.

Our move to dancing on 1st and 4th Saturdays instead of 1st and 3rd, in order to have less competing clubs on the second dance of the month, is going well so far. Both our February and March 4th Saturday dances were well attended and we had a nice visitation from the Oaky Doaks in March. We have been visiting clubs on our 3rd Saturday and having fun checking out clubs we have not been able to visit with our previous schedule. So far, we have visited the Happy Hoppers, the Oaky Doaks, and the Valley Squares.

Thank you to all who came out to our Murder Mystery Dance! Who knew our club president was tied up in the Italian Mafia scene and would turn out to be a murderer, but he was hanging out with a pretty rough crowd. Rumor has it, the cast had so much fun, they will do it again, but are writing our own farce this time! We had over 60 people in attendance, so it made for a fun time and a nice fundraiser for the Country Cut-Ups.

The month of May will bring our Mystery Trip to ???. Oh yeah, they won’t tell us where we are going!! But you can go with us on a bus for only $32 to cover food, fun, dancing, and whatever else we get into. Just a few slots left! The bus pulls out on May 13th. 

Want a chance to honor another wonderful couple? Robert and Young Lumsden are celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary with a dance at the Boring Barn on May 21st from 2-5 PM with Scott Zinser. We are also looking forward to our Father’s Day Dance with Dan Nordbye and Julie Stiers June 18th at the Boring Barn. We will have Plus for the first hour, starting at 1:00 PM and then Mainstream from 2-5 PM with every third tip Plus. This should be a fantastic dance!

Beverly De La Bruere
