We are a lucky bunch of dancers in this Portland-Vancouver-Metro area, to have so many talented callers.  River City Dancers have hosted some great folks as we audition replacements for Les and Paula Seeley.   Thanks to all of you who have stepped up to the microphone to give us your do-si-does and aleman-lefts.  And thanks to our equally talented cuer, Tami Helms, and her partner, Tim Keck, for faithfully carrying forward, as always.  Tami, you’re the greatest!
 
Les and Paula have been in Arizona about a month, now, and it sounds like their lives continue to be an interesting challenge, from laying the tile in their house to dealing with the Homeowners’ Association.  Les, we love to hear your stories…you wouldn’t want to be just another “boring” square dancer!  Now Les has learned he needs cataract surgery on both eyes (one at a time, please!).  You’re a walking medical miracle, Les…and you too, Paula.  Keep it up!
 
Carol Mendenhall and her partner, Gene Meyer, continue to be an outstanding Visitation couple.  We’ve enjoyed dancing recently with the Columbia River Dancers and we’re going for a a second “try” at the Silver City Squares (the weather betrayed our try last year!
 
We’ve enjoyed some great “theme” dances lately, like the “50”s dance called by Darrell Kalmbach, and the coming “Hobo” Dance, to becalled by Mark Wheeler.
 
And lest we forget, thanks to the River City Riders for all the fun, well-organized fundpraising events they perform.  I especially recall the Jim Hattrick/Adam Christman afternoon dance at Abernethy Grange.  Jolene and Ed Cummings, you and your “cowboys/cowgirls” are the best!
 
Quite a few of us went to the “Murder Mystery” dance hosted by the Country Cutups at Boring Barn.  Rocky and I have never been to a “Murder Mystery dance before.  It was well worth an afternoon’s drive.  Scott Zinser kept it going as a dance.  Cut-ups are famous for their fabulous food at break.  A very rainy afternoon was made much sweeter by the company of good friends and the satisfaction that the real “culprit” has been caught!  (Never trust a smooth-talking Frenchman!)  

Nancy Thornton
