Bring on Spring!  R Square D brought in the Luck of the Irish with a St. Patrick’s dance on the 10th of March.  We were fortunate to have Adam Chrisman come and fill in for Craig.  Many visiting clubs kicked up their heals,  Wave Steppers, Eager Beavers, Fairway Village, Cougar Squares, Harbor Haylofters, Happy Hoppers, Columbia River Dancers,  Prairie Steppers, and  Ruff and Ruffles.  We danced 6 squares which was a full floor with another 2 squares sitting out.  The dance floor never stopped with round dancing keeping things going between squares, Lonnie Sycks was our cuer. .   
 While Craig is gone Jim Raupp has been gracious enough to fill in for lessons on Wednesdays.  Thank you Jim.
 The 25th of March was our Spring Fling dance; it was a benefit for a non-profit organization called the Progress Center in Longview WA. Almost $300.00 and assorted toys were brought to the dance.  Progress Canter was very grateful to the club for sponsoring them for this dance.  The Caller for the evening was Renee Ruud. 
 Renee made the evening entertaining and fun.  Visiting clubs were Cougar Squares, Ruff and Ruffles, Harbor Haylofters, and Columbia River Dancers. We danced 3 squares the entire evening.  Lonnie Sycks was our round dance cuer. 
 The club meeting this month was hosted by Cliff and Charlotte Houghtlen.  Charlotte served up the most amazing pecan rolls; it pays to show up for meetings.  Thank you Charlotte!
 It is not too early to get Octoberfest ribbons, ask most any member of the club and we can direct you to where to purchase them. 
 May will be a quiet month for the club.  We will be hosting a Taco bar at 6:00 on the 12th; the theme for this dance is Fiesta de Mayo. Come and join us for tacos and stay for all the fun to follow.  R Square D will go dark on the 27th of May due to Memorial Day Weekend.
 For more information about us please visit our website at www.r-square-d.info or friend us on Facebook.  Our Caller for R Square D is Craig Abercrombie and our cuer is Lonnie Sycks.  
  Marie Geisler 
