     In last month’s news report I talked about the proverbial questions from children on a road trip with their family:  “Are we there yet?” and “How much longer will it be?” Well, the obvious answer is, “Not yet.” However, unlike that road trip, we are at this time inching forward to the time when we will be able to resume our favorite activities with our square dancing friends.  Things have begun to open up and Happy Hoppers are keeping the faith and hoping to be able to have our August picnic as well as resuming dancing and lessons in September.

     In the meantime, our new officers will assume their responsibilities in July.  We are fortunate to have some terrific people on next year’s board; some of them are new members and some are returning board members. We are looking forward to the fresh ideas and enthusiasm this new board will bring to the club’s activities.

     As we move forward, we are grateful for the service many of our board members have provided this year and in previous years.  Gil Shoemaker, our past president, was a constant source of new ideas.  Tom and Liza Halpenny, our current and past secretary, have kept the club in the twenty first century with their knowledge of computer technology and social platforms.  Tom is an amazing secretary who keeps our club information on our web page and on Facebook.  He and Liza are also the ones who introduced the board to Zoom which has enabled our meetings to take place.  David Whalen, as treasurer, has kept our financial issues in order. This can be a particularly time-consuming activity, and he has devoted considerable time to making sure our finances are in good order.

     Beyond our club, special thanks should be given to Jim Schira who is the PAC area editor for the OFN.  Jim sends humorous and thoughtful reminders each month, collects the articles, and sends them in to the OFN. A huge thank you also goes to Tim Roberts who is the OFN editor.  He does an amazing job of keeping our club news and information available to all dancers.  We also appreciate how patient and informative he is when helping technologically challenged contributors with questions about how to get information or pictures correctly sent in for publication.  Oregon is truly fortunate to have him at the helm of the OFN.

     With people like the aforementioned club officers, council, and state members who contribute so much to our fine activity, there is no doubt that once this COVID -19 is contained, square dancing will be back there for everyone to enjoy.

Jean Tolstrup
