 The Valley River Dancers dance Plus on 2nd Fridays (Randy Dibble Calling, Ken Pratt Cueing), and Mainstream on 4th Fridays (Randy Dibble Calling, Sherri Clark Cueing) in Newberg at the Chehalem Community Center.  Randy Dibble also calls our ‘A’ dances on 5th Saturdays at the Woodburn Senior Estates Community Club.  https://www.valleyriverdancers.org
 Our round dance workshop continues just prior our 2nd Friday Plus Dance, led by Ken and Dianne Pratt, beginning at 6:30 pm.  This is an excellent opportunity to work with your partner and the professionals on rhythm figures that need refinement and floor time.  
 Some of our new dancers attended the Tri-Squares and Toe Dragger new dancer jamborees and are looking forward to several other jamborees coming up.   The Valley River Dancer New Dancer Jamboree / Christmas Dance will be the 4th Friday, December 27th.  Although this dance will be at Mainstream level, Randy Dibble will call to the floor level to accommodate new dancers.  Sherri Clark will be cueing.  Traditionally we play a game involving a gift exchange, and so we encourage dancers to bring a wrapped gift of no more than $5 to exchange.  
 Randy Dibble is teaching a DBD class which started in December and continues through Mid-Winter Festival.  This fun class is held Tuesdays 6:30-8 pm at the Chehalem Community Center, south entrance; admission $6.  We have new students who just graduated and some experienced dancers attending this class designed to prepare dancers for the mainstream hall at Mid-Winter to be able to dance with a little more confidence and not have to spend all their time in the B-51 hall.  This is a great way to very quickly step up one’s mainstream dancing skills.
 More than a square of Valley River Dancers plan to visit Golden Squares at the Woodburn Senior Estates Community Club for pie night on Monday, December 30th beginning with pre-rounds at 7 p.m.  Randy Dibble is the caller and Julie Stiers is cueing.  The dancing at this lovely club is super fun, and the pies are to die for, so you simply must put this dance night on your calendar and come check it out.
 Valley River Dancers are dark for our 4th Friday January mainstream dance as most all our members will be attending Mid-Winter Festival.  Our next mainstream dance will be our Anniversary Dance on February 28th.  We hope you will save the date and come dance with us to wish us a happy birthday in person and enjoy some delicious cake and ice cream as we celebrate at break.  Additionally, complimentary sodas are offered to square dancers after our dances at Abby’s Legendary Pizza, in Newberg.
 We wish all of our dancing friends a very happy new year!
  Josie Rosenbury