 2020 has taught us we can endure and grow if we examine some of emotional mine (mind?) fields to remove the fuses that set off an emotional explosion.  It has been a tense year.  We can’t really tune out the world as it has a way of getting our attention and then some.  Dancing has been my way of calming the nerves and removing the cares of the day.  We all need the physical and mental exercise that dancing demands and we miss the social  interactions that we as human demand. 
 Our political season becomes more bizarre by the day but do not throw up your hands saying “They are all the same!”.  They are not.  Just think of ten people you know and you realize they have qualities you admire and some you do not but mostly accept them as they are.  When it comes to choosing people to represent you and your values you have to know what you value most. Then you have to look at their actions in the past not at the promises for the future.  Promises are not worth the hot air they generate.  I wish you all to find peace with your inner conflicts. 
 I watched an old travel movie made by my husband’s uncle sometime in the early thirties I think.  I saw how sugar cane was harvested in Hawaii and an undeveloped Fiji.  I was shocked to see how much all has changed in the last eighty years.  Cruise ships did not need a half-mile dock.  A passenger plane did not need a mile long runway. 
 I keep waiting to hear the cry, “We can dance!”.  However, I am not holding my breath as I did enough of that just getting through all the smoke to my mailbox.  As I write this the rain has come and we can breathe again.  I am so so thankful for the rain. 
 Remember to be thankful at Thanksgiving.  Count your blessings and ignore your irritants for the day.  I know, it is a dirty job but someone has to set and example.  2020 is nearly gone and 2021 will be a great year.  
 I want to thank all those people who are helping us remember how to dance with your videos.  Good Job!  Keep checking for our start date at www.EagerBeavers.info.
  Rachel Nettleton