Just over 3 squares of Eager Beavers ventured to the coast for our annual beach trip in mid September.  Some stayed at the Garibaldi House and others RV'd.  The weather was great and afforded us the opportunity to visit the local museum.  As usual we ate, danced, played games, explored the area and had a great time.
 Almost 10 squares of dancers attended the retirement celebration dance in honor of George Clark.  George retired from being a regular club caller on September 28th after calling for the Eager Beavers for the past twenty one years.  Among the guests there were several callers and cuers; George Herman, Jim Hattrick, Daryl Clendenin, Darrell Kalmbach, Norm Yoder, Harold Kleve, Yvonne Clendenin, Bev Flint, Joyce Hooper,   Thanks to our President Sally Duyck and her many helpers for putting this celebration together.
 Because this was a retirement dance and everyone was invited we danced mostly mainstream.  The dance was fun and the toast/roast was well done.  Most of the attendees stayed to enjoy cake and coffee, and some to say a few words.  Norm Yoder was the master of ceremonies, first speaking of his and Marci's history and friendship with George and Nancy, and then asking for comments from the floor.  There were many!
George and Nancy were thanked for their twenty one years of tireless service to the club and were then awarded a plaque making them honorary lifetime members of the club.  
 As a reminder, we have new line up of callers and cuers for our Monday dances.  On 1st & 5th Mondays - Daryl Clendenin & Yvonne Clendenin, on 2nd & 4th Mondays - Darrell Kalmbach & Joyce Hooper, and on 3rd Mondays - Jim Hattrick.  
 All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, Rounds 1:00 - 1:30; Plus 1:30 - 3:15 p.m., at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.   Please check our website at www.eagerbeavers.info for up to date information or go to the OFN website for flyer:  http://ofn.club.
  Rachel Nettleton
