Dean Woods, who passed away in December, was a long time angel at our lessons.  His trademark move was to blow a "toot-toot" on a wooden whistle whenever the "Load the Boat" move was called.  Dean's wife, Rochelle Burney, donated one of his whistles to Walt Eby, who put together a fitting memorial with the whistle powered by a hand-powered air pump.  The plaque reads: "To the memory of Dean Woods and the past square dancers who would "Load the Boat" with the Happy Hopper Square Dance Club - 2015".  Walt gave the memorial to Rochelle who immediately donated it to the club.  Another keepsake worthy of the Square Dance Hall of Fame!

Melissa James is having a square dance birthday celebration, with Jim Hattrick calling, at the Hazel Dell Grange on Sunday October 25 from 2:00 to 5:00.  Sounds like fun. 

Normally, we have Plus dances on the first and third Saturdays of the month at the Clark County Square Dance Center, but this month is a bit different.  We will be dark on November 7, in deference to the Royal Romp Weekend Plus Dance.  However, we're back in business on November 21, which will be our not-to-be-missed "Pies Galore" dance.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with squares at 8:00.  Jim Hattrick will be calling and cueing.

On November 7, we are planning a visitation to the other Washington State "Happy Hoppers" in Marysville.  We're putting together an extra happy crew for the occasion, so we can lay claim to the title "Happier Hoppers".  However, even if we prevail in this effort, we still won't be able to call ourselves the "Happiest Hoppers".  Looking online, I found yet another "Happy Hoppers Square Dance Club" in Newmarket, Ontario.  I felt obligated to send our Canadian cousins an email inviting them to take part.  Here's what I wrote: "I believe that it is only fair to give you folks an opportunity to send a contingent, which would certainly make this some kind of an historical event, to say the least.  We could find out, for once and for all, who are the Happiest Hoppers".  

We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive experience.  We encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of every month at 7:30.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.  

Many of our lesson students have risen to the Mainstream level only to be recruited by other clubs before they have had a chance to become Plus dancers and join the Hoppers.  We are committed to remain a Plus club, but we also want to keep our students in the family.  In an effort to provide our Mainstream students with some Happy Hopper floor time, on December 5, we will have a "Mainstream Splurge" dance.  The format for this dance will be Plus tips from 7:00 to 8:00, and Mainstream tips from 8:00 to 10:30.  Callers will be Jim Hattrick and Darrell Kalmbach; Dorothy Lowder will be cueing.

Marc Kahn
