The Hoedowners’ September was characterized by a whirlwind of various activities. This month is always a time of adjustments; kids back in school, weather cooling and wow, what a spectacular finale with the super moon eclipse. 
 We began the month with a visitation to Valley Squares on the 5th.  It was a fine addition to the three day Labor Day weekend.
 Remember when youngsters used to stuff a phone booth for fun?  Well phone booths are obsolete so we had a Stuff the Bus dance on the 12th so dancers could bring school supplies to distribute to needy kids.  
 Sunday, October 13th was our annual Hoedowner Dinner Out.  We had 28 Hoedowners get together at the Old Spaghetti Factory for a lovely dinner.  After the busy summer months, it’s always a chance to catch up on summer trips and activities and fire everyone up for lessons.  We also had samples of the different styles of club shirts available for order.
 Our first New Dancer Lesson Sept 16th had 29 students excited to learn.  We had kids, folks who have never danced and people returning to square dancing after a number of years away.  Meeting new people and sharing square dancing is part of the charm and allure of our favorite activity.
 September 23rd found two busy groups of Hoedowners, most being Angels at the Aloha Grange for our second New Dancer class while a smaller group attended the community dance at the Hillsboro Elks to introduce square dancing to a new audience.
 Our first ever Farmer’s Market Dance was held on the 26th. We had a great visitation from Valley Squares and they reclaimed a banner.  Joy Choy mixed fresh yellow and red cherry tomatoes in a bruschetta that was so good it was almost illegal. We had homemade pies, crisp apples, and a slightly creepy bunch of carrots among other delicious treats. 
 Hate to type in the word November but there it is.  On the 14th, we’ll hold our annual Turkey Toss Dance.  Have you won a turkey yet?  The game is easy, bean bags aren’t so hard and the results are always fun and full of surprises.
 Finally on the 28th of November we’ll have our first Soup Nite dance.  After a traditional Thanksgiving menu a little soup sounds refreshing.  Join us and I promise we’ll have all kinds of soup, not just turkey.  
  Krystal Laas
