How many of you attended a Leap Year dance on February 29th?  That 29th day only comes around every four years...even more amazing was it occurred, this 2016 year, on a Monday - the very night that the Floordusters youth club (in Yoder ‚Ä&ldquo; that‚Äôs South of Canby) dances, SO they hosted a ‚ÄúLeap Day‚Äù dance.   Two Chaps & Petticoats members attended - the Floordusters were so appreciative they sent us home with our visitation banner, even though we didn‚Äôt have but 1/4 of a square.  How cool is that?
Our most fun was trying to keep up with the ‚Äúlively‚Äù dancing of those teens.  Thank you Tim Kane and Anthony Egan for your energy-filled calling.
 
Seven Chaps members attended the Silver Knights and Silver Dragon‚Äôs fundraiser on March 6, at the Waldo Hills Community Club in Silverton.   There were great treats served, a Silent Auction and a challenging exhibition was danced to give us a flavor for the competition that takes place at the Pacific NW Teen Square Dance Festival, this year in Canada.  Afterwards their Club Caller, Leonard Snodgrass, completed our square and Don Benson gave us a taste of what the teens have to dance in the competition.  Keep Silverton in your prayers, that they might bring home the gold, on May 7, in Canada.

Last year‚Äôs Officers with Chaps & Petticoats (C&P) will remain in their current positions and fulfill their second-year term of office.   Our Officers are:  Betty Chipps (that‚Äôs me), President; Tim Kane, V.P.; Lisa Robison, Secretary; Vicki Pounds, Treasurer; and Roberta Elders, PAC Representative.   The Chaps and Petticoats appreciate, very much, the dedication of our officers and our Sheriff:  Bruce Stahlecker.  Please acknowledge their service when you see them in a square.

We‚Äôd love to have you join us on Friday, April 1... yep, April Fool‚Äôs day, with Scott Zinser calling and Jackie Gale cueing.  You can bet there will be a prank (or two).   On third Friday, April 15, our dance floor opens with Mike and Julie Stout ‚Ä&ldquo; please come dance with us and enjoy the depth of Mike‚Äôs singing voice.  

Happy Feet 
Betty Chipps	
