All dancers are invited, Mainstream and above, to the Eager Beavers Anniversary Dance.  Dance to amazing callers, Jim Hattrick, Daryl Clendenin, and Darrell Kalmbach, with cuers Jim Hattrick, Yvonne Clendenin, and Joyce Hooper.  This promises to be a fantastic dance for mainstream and a few plus tips.  To make it even better there is delicious chicken dinner (to start about 3:15 - 3:30) after the dance.  Enjoy food and fun for only $6. Plan to join us Sunday, April 24, 1 - 4 pm, Hillsboro IOOF Hall.  See flyer section of OFN
 Almost everyone wore something red to our Valentine Dance.  Thanks to Mike, Marie & Lane who coordinated the event. Our lottery election of King and Queen of Hearts can produce some surprising results.  This year we Crowned Lane Clem and Nan Overall and as King and Queen.  They were presented with a heart shaped box of chocolates.  
 We are very excited to have welcomed twelve students for our first Plus lessons on February 15th.  A couple told me they came because of the reputation of the instructors and the fact they were dancing with club members.  It is a joy to have these enthusiastic dancers join us.  Lessons start at noon and students may stay until 2 pm to practice.  
 Our visitation to the Hoedowners Anniversary Dance in February at the Aloha Grange provided us a great dance and opportunity to meet up with old friends.  We had twenty one members attend the Hoedowners’ sixty-sixth anniversary complete with a chicken dinner.  
 For summer fun, plan to attend Summer Festival in Seaside July 29th through 31st with Andy Allemao calling and Dave Cooper cueing.  Check with Ferrous & Karen or Lane & Marie for registration and ribbons.
 We dance on holidays.  Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons: Rounds 1:00 - 1:30 (Rounds will start at 1:15 during lessons); Plus 1:30 - 3:15 PM, Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  We dance on holidays too so if you have a day off come join us.  Our next holiday dance that will be at Aloha Grange is on Memorial Day, May 30th.
 Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club.
  Rachel Nettleton
