The shareholders of the Clark County Square Dance Center, our home venue, have voted to accept an offer to sell the property and the building to the church across the street.  It's not official until the transaction closes, and there are multiple hurdles to get past before that happens.  As always, with major changes of this sort, there are lots of different scenarios about what, when and how it's going to happen, and what we ought to do about it.  Over time, it will all become clear, but for now it's kind of confusing.  There is a general consensus that we will be able to continue using the facility at least until the end of 2016, perhaps even longer.

We had a fantastic visitation on February 12, renting a luxury bus professionally piloted by our fellow Hopper Melissa James, taking us to Springfield for the Single Trees' anniversary dance.  The Wild Cards were calling, Jackie Gale was cueing, and there was an unbelievable buffet dinner.  A lot of memories were made that night.  Our next visitation will be Friday, March 11 to the R Square D's in Kelso.  Adam Christman will be calling and Lonnie Sycks will be cueing.  We're looking forward to sharing the floor with our friends from the R Square D's.

Wednesday evening, February 24, we had a club dine-out at Gustav's restaurant on 164th Street.  27 members attended.

Our semi-annual clothing sale took place on the evening of February 29, at the same time as our lesson sessions.  This is an important fund-raising activity for the Hoppers.  We made $737.00.

We will host our regular first and third Saturday dances at the Clark County Square Dance Center with Jim Hattrick calling and cueing.  The April 2 agenda will include the election of club officers.  On April 16 will be our annual Ice Cream Social Dance.  Don't miss that one!

We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive  experience.  We encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of every month at 7:30.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.

Marc Kahn
