The Hoedowners had a busy and “love”ly month in February.  Our Queen of Hearts dance was held on February 13th.  The coronation revealed David Boultinghouse as King and Barb Stehlik as Queen of Hearts.  Richard Lane joined Daryl on stage to harmonize for all the dancers and romancers.
 On February 19th, we had a visitation to the Tri-Squares’ Mardi-Gras Dance and had a blast.  One of our members, whose initials are DC, won the $100 grand prize.  Can you guess who that might be?  Thanks Tri-Squares for another memorable evening.
 February 24th was our New Dancer Graduation and Annual Meeting Potluck.  As usual, the buffet table was laden with an amazing variety of scrumptious food.  Thanks all around to our wonderful member-chefs!  We awarded 15 graduation certificates and dangles, two with perfect attendance.  Also enjoying recognition were two Angels, Chet Wolter and Glenda Bray, who never missed a class.  Bravo! After dinner we adjourned upstairs for a few tips before everyone departed.
 Winner, Winner, Chicken Dinner!  If you were at the Aloha Grange February 27th, you were a winner who helped Hoedowners celebrate their 66th Anniversary with a dance and chicken dinner.  Oh my gosh, we had to set up two additional tables to accommodate the diners and we enjoyed doing it.  Fried chicken, baked chicken, baked beans, potato salad, coleslaw, mac and cheese and cake, you would have thought it was a celebration, and it was.  66 years of dancing, friendships, hilarity, eating, games, travels, parties and sharing our lives with wonderful people.  The ballroom was bedecked in vintage club outfits as an amazing crowd of 101 people joined us, including visitations from Valley Squares, Sunset Promenaders and Braids and Braves.  With that kind of crowd we were pleased to have Chuck Garner and Richard Lane joining Daryl on stage to keep everyone dancing. 
 In April we’ll hold a Denim and Diamonds Dance on the 9th.  Check your wardrobe and get ready to sparkle.  On the 23rd of April we’ll have our Come One, Come All Circus Dance.  It’s always a favorite; clowns and other circus performers are always welcome.  Please leave your elephants and tigers at home.  
  Krystal Laas
