Way back when my husband, Leonard and I were newby square dancers (around 1975 or 1976), we ventured out by ourselves on our first couple of visitations from our home club, which at the time was the “Oregon Trailers”.   We were guided by a courtesy copy of the OFN.  (At that time, there were many more clubs than there are now…for instance, there were two other clubs using our current hall, Milwaukie Community Center on SE 42nd and Jackson, Milwaukie. 

It seemed to us that square dancing was not well organized then, so you knew what was being called.  It was easy to drop into a club that was dancing at a Plus level, and we were barely functioning at what we now call B-51.  After suffering a few withering frowns as we stumbled through calls like “teacup chain”, we became more proficient at chosing our nights out, as well as our callers.  
I write my River City Dancers column this month praising those clubs who encourage their new dancers to visit other dances besides jamborees, both as a group, and as individuals.  If your teacher caller is very good, it is all the more important that your new dancers hear other dictions, other styles, other music, other jokes (if your caller includes  them into his/her program).  

During our first jamboree, it seemed that most of the callers had mush in their mouths.  Our ears weren’t trainer to other voices yet, and it didn’t help, that the sound system was pretty bad.

Our Visitation Chairmen for the last several years at River City has been Carol Mendenhall and her partner, Gene Meyers.  During announcements at break, they invent some cute “come-ons” to attract attention and make the visitation more intriguing.  They might chose something major, such as Winter Festival, or an individual dance, like our recent visit to Valley Squares.  Carol and Gene distribute maps and ask that you sign a list so they can report how many of us are expecting to go, as a courtesy to our hosts, who can then prepare for us.
(One dance, many years ago, we visited a little town up the Gorge.  We arrived with two busloads.  We had no idea that our dates had been mixed up.  The women of the club suddenly disappeared while the men kept dancing with us.  I don’t remember what the women hustled up when they came back, but it was a wonderful dance…with good food, even.)

When our club, River City Dancers, chose our dance nights to be second and third Saturdays of each month, it seemed to fit evey possible club’s schedule.  So far, it seems to be working.  We dance all summer, but occasionally Oregon Summer Festival falls on our regular dance night, in which case, we almost always cancel.

Our club is looking forward to other future “big” events.  It’s time to buy Washington State Summer Festival ribbons Jun 17 & 18th in Longview; and Seaside Beach Party Summer Festival, July 29-31 at Seaside, Oregon.  And then, of course, there’s always Winter Festival, 2017!  We love to look forward to these special events.
 
Nancy
