The Chaps and Petticoats have had a very busy last few months.

We graduated our students, February 17th, and they “roasted” their instructor, Scott Zinser, by dressing him as an Outlaw and putting him in jail, where he called a tip.  We initiated our four students, each tip - they danced with balloons (between their legs), bean bags (at top their heads) and then Scott gave them a test … everyone passed!

Thank you to all who attended our “Go Hog Wild” BBQ dinner and dance, March 15th..  We had seven squares+ and approximately 20 dinner only guests.  We owe a BIG thank you to our member, Tim Kane; he raised, butchered and barbequed the pig & turkey, then called the dance along with his partner Sue Harrel.  Tom Klug, from Central OR, was our Cuer and Deb, his wife, called a MS tip as did Terry Halley.  We are blessed for such a contribution to our Club!

The next day, March 16th, Chaps had a square of dancers turn out at River City Dancers.  It was a packed floor with Darrell Kalmbach calling/Helms cueing AND we took back our C&P club banner home...yahoo!

It was great to see four squares at the Portland Area Council (PAC) dance on March 29th were Don Hart, a caller retread, was introduced and Lonnie Sycks cued a  “Western Theme” (complete with jail).  Oh and Beary Potter (traveling mascot) and Bearniece (partner) were presented their diapered “baby” bear...this was a ‘once-in-a-lifetime’ and fun dance! 

Dancers from the N, S, E and West attended our HIPPIE dance on April 5th - it was well-attended.  At break we awarded three (3) costumes prizes:  Female was a new dancer, Marlis, of Cut-Ups; Male was Robert Lumsden (Cut-Ups) and dance-Couple prize went to Jim Schira and Mary Theirl...thank you judges, Dan and Parren and the Ickes (from Central OR! 

Bachelor and Bachelorettes (B & B’s) 54th Anniversary dance on April 10th was a hoot - Dan Nordbye and Tami Helms were caller/cuer - dancers filled the floor.  Former B & B Callers and Cuers were honored and pictures taken.

Chaps and Petticoats will be DARK on May 3rd to support the Pacific NW Teen Sq.Dance Festival (PNTSDF) competitions held at Silverton High School and cheer on our Silverton youth in their Caller, Cuer, Round and Square challenges with other clubs from Canada and Washington.  The dancing is MAY 3rd and the competitions occur May 4th - hope you bought your teen badge, for just $2, to get in the door for this event - who knows when the PNTSDF will be in Oregon again.

We hope you get to enjoy the sunshine soon and join us for our next two dances:  
Friday, May 17th we’ll honor those who served this country, with Putzler and Pratt as Caller and Cuer, please do join us in our Parade of Flags at this dance.
Friday, June 7th will be Scott Zinser. calling and Dave Cooper, cueing as we just “Let the Fun Begin.”

Happy Feet!
Betty Chipps