The Charlie's are enjoying having a wonderful and enthusiastic class on Tuesdays. The students celebrated their half way point a couple of weeks ago!! What a great group! Typically 3-4 squares on the floor and LOTS of younger dancers under 25 - so wonderful to see!!! Our Thursday Funshops are continuing and have been very enjoyable. If you would like to get some extra floor time - please join us for Mainstream Funshop 630-8pm and Plus Funshop 8-930pm.   We will not have Funshops on May 9th as our instructor is out of town. No Funshop on May 23rd as we will be decorating for Boatnik Festival!! Come join us and help decorate if you can!!

We were dark April 6th to join the Buckeroo's in Roseburg for their Birthday Dance!! What a wonderful time and a great event!! Charlie Robertson is a fabulous caller who had us rocking all nite! Rikki Lobato cued rounds to a full floor of dancers - which was wonderful to see!!! Our April 20th dance will be after this report - and we are hoping for a great turnout and for some community involvement. The dance is at Noon due to events in the evening at the Fairgrounds.  Chuck Simpkins is calling and Bob Dingman is cueing!

Due to the Federation Meeting and Dance happening in Medford - we are dark for the May 4th dance. Hoping to visit and dance with lots of out of area delegates and officers - should be fun.
We will be back to Saturday nite dancing on May 18th with the always fun George & Patty Hermann for our America The Beautiful Dance. 7pm Pre Rounds and 730-10 Mainstream/Plus.
We are hosting the Council Dance on May 31st with Chuck Simpkins and Bob Dingman. The next nite - June 1st - will have guest caller Michael Kious from Gresham and Rikki Lobato cueing. We will have Strawberry Shortcake available and should be a great weekend of dancing!!!

Mark June 15th on your calendar - what a wonderful event this will be!!! 3 National Callers and 2 cuers will rock the Charlie's dance!!! Special guests Don Wood (WA), Matt Worley (VA) and Charlie Robertson (OK) will be calling and Marie Wood (WA) and Rikki Lobato will be cueing throughout the nite. 6pm for Advanced; 7pm Pre Rounds and Alternating MS/Plus!!!! Don't miss it!!!!

May also has our Boatnik Festival Memorial Weekend!!!  This weekend is always a party and we have so much fun. We have a great event planned - please join us!!! This year is the wonderful Joe Saltel calling and TJ(Bruce) Chadd cueing rounds!!!!  You don't want to miss this wonderful annual event!!

We will be having a vote at our club meeting on April 19th for new officers who will take office in May. I will share that info in the next report!!  We are so thankful for all who have served on the board and those that are willing to hold an office. We can't do it without you!!!  Please be sure and thank your new and past officers when you see them!!!

Til Next Time - Happy Dancing!!