The Happy Hoppers have definitely been out and about.  During the last few weeks of March we had two visitations. Twenty of our members attended the R Square D’s anniversary dance on March 23rd. We had a great time dancing to Craig Abercrombie’s enthusiastic calling and Lonnie Syck’s cueing.  The following weekend twenty-two of our members were at the Country Cut Up’s for an energetic fifth Saturday dance called by George Herman and cued by his lovely wife, Patty.  And, oh, my!  What a great potluck feast that club provided at the end of the dance!  In between the two visitations, we took some of our lesson people to the basic level dance at the Milwaukie Community Center.  It was an excellent opportunity for the new dancers to experience a square dance and to see the River City Riders when they performed at the end of the dance.  On April 7th our members could be found at the benefit dance for Sharon Driscoll, a wonderful lady who is well known throughout the square dance community for her love of dance and her indomitable spirit.  The River City Riders deserve special thinks for sponsoring the dance.  Finally, we’re also looking forward to a visitation to the Hoedowners at their first dance in April.

	An interesting thing about Hoppers is that many of our members belong to multiple clubs.  When we’re out dancing, they may be wearing a badge from one of their other clubs or a more “generic” badge with just their name.  Nevertheless, they are great supporters of our club as well as the other clubs and activities where they are members.  We are grateful to have such enthusiastic dancers as members of our club. 

	Plans are well under way for our 60th anniversary dance, May 4th.  Since the date falls on the fourth of May, some of our members thought it might be clever to have some fun with the name of the month, May, and the number 4.  They came up with the theme, “May the Fourth Be with You,” a play on the Star Wars saying, “May the force be with you.”  So the dance will have a Star Wars theme.  Perhaps it’s a bit funky, but it’s sure to be a lot of fun. We hope to see you there.

Jean Tolstrup