Many little people, big people and all around good people showed up at our St Patrick's dance.  There were green swirls and flashes as 4 and 5 squares filled the floor.  We have so much fun and are getting quite a crowd of regulars if you haven't been to our dances, you might want to give it a try.  Craig and Lonnie always keep the floor full of fun.
 On our 66th anniversary celebration at our 4th Saturday dance we had 92 dancers in attendance to celebrate with us.  A special thanks to the folks from TVC who encourage dancers to get out to the member anniversary dances as well as our friends up north who are always so good to support us, the Cougar Squares.  Happy Hoppers from the south of us along with independents, clubs from the coast, and from the east side of Oregon created a packed floor and double circle rounds.  It was fabulous!  Jean Turner, a member for 65 years, helped at the door and danced!  Our caller, Craig Abercrombie and our Cuer, Lonnie Sykes create such a bubbly atmosphere, all around the room people are laughing and having fun. Thank you, Craig and Lonnie.
 Plus dancers!  Beginning April 10 through May 22, PLUS WORKSHOP/LESSONS on Wednesday evenings 7 - 9.  There will be dancing for everyone.  The cost will be $2.50 per person.  We hope you will enjoy this opportunity.  Thank you Craig.
 Our first dance on May 10th is our Fiesta de Mayo dance.  Wear your colorful south of the border attire. We might have chips and the dancing will be spicy.  How's that for an intriguing invite?  Our Second dance in May will fall on Memorial Day weekend so we will be dark.  But please, try to make our dances in June when we begin our summer schedule dancing on 2nd and 4th Wednesdays.
 Please remember that our dances are now ending at 9:30pm.  7-8 Plus and advanced rounds, 8-9:30pm Mainstream with rounds.  106 NW 8th, Kelso/Longview intersection on Ocean Beach Hwy, in the hall at the water park.  Craig Abercrombie calling and Lonnie Sycks cueing.  Our website www.r-square-d.info is a great way to keep track of our club and events or friend us on Facebook.
  Annie Tietze