The Valley River Dancers dance Plus on 2nd Fridays, and Mainstream on 4th Fridays in Newberg at the Chehalem Community Center, located on the corner of 2nd and Howard Streets.  We dance ‘A’ on 5th Saturdays at the Woodburn Senior Estates Community Club.  Randy Dibble is our Caller.  Ken Pratt cues 2nd Friday; Sherri Clark cues 4th Friday.  https://www.valleyriverdancers.org
 A Cha Cha/Ph III Waltz workshop continues preceding our 2nd Friday dance, led by Ken and Dianne Pratt, beginning at 6:30 pm.  This has been a perfect opportunity for us to brush up and polish our round dance technique and style.  Come join us for the workshop and then stay for the Plus dance and intermediate rounds.
 Ian Craig called our Plus dance in March as Randy Dibble calls in Kennewick annually this weekend.  Some of our members and regular attendees followed Randy there to dance, but we still had 2 squares for this dance.  Ian had some interesting patter for us.
 We had a great time on a club visitation outing to the Columbia River Dancers for their anniversary dance in March.  We all enjoyed Adam Christman’s calling, and the Hazel Dell Grange is such a nice hall.  Melissa James has visited our club a number of times this past year and we are even more aware now of how far she drives to come dance with us!  We are so appreciative of her friendship with our club.
 Our March 5th Saturday ‘A’ Dance in Woodburn (March 30th) was dark as our caller, Randy Dibble, called the TVC Spring Fling Dance, and we had a club visitation to the dance in Hillsboro.  There was a good turnout, and this was a fun dance.  Randy did an excellent job calling, imho.
 We held our 2019-2020 club office elections recently. Our outgoing president, Steve Zimmerman, has worked hard to support the club these past two years. He and his wife Judy have faithfully been to our dance hall whenever the doors are open--dances and lessons--to set up, bringing their now famous brownies and are often the last to leave when all the clean up is finished.  On behalf of all the members, we recognize and appreciate Steve for all he's done in support of our club.  Dan Damon was elected as the incumbent and will be taking office in May. He has already expressed some fresh ideas, and we look forward to working with Dan to plan more fun for this coming year. The other current officers were re-elected for another year to finish 2 year terms: Vice President: Teija Danskey; Secretary: Josie Rosenbury; Treasurer: Judy Zimmerman; Delegate: Josie Rosenbury.  Perrin Damon creates our club flyers.
 Our May Mainstream Dance (4th Friday, May 24th) has all the ingredients of a party—It’s on the beginning day of Memorial weekend, it’s also apparently National Salsa Month, so to be festive we will be sure to have plenty of chips and salsa available for open break, we introduce Dan Damon as our new president at this dance, PLUS we have Randy Dibble as our caller, and he’s sure to keep us awake! ha!  (You are smiling because you know it's true.)
  Josie Rosenbury