Okay, I get an email reminding me that an OFN report is needed and I immediately panic because I haven’t the foggiest idea what to write.  I know the Hoedowner’s are all doing well but our social activities, especially with each other, are non existent and I’m sadder for it.
 In fact, Donnie and I were bemoaning our lack of a social life one evening last week when we plunked ourselves down in from of the TV and began to cruise through streaming services when we noticed a documentary called Clive Davis:  The Soundtrack Of Our Lives.  It was a homerun, as we were mesmerized over the next two hours listening to the music.  YOU HAVE TO WATCH THIS!
 The film got us talking about one of the charms of summer; the outdoor concert.  Growing up in Montana, outdoor concerts with headliners were rare.  In 1971 we were thrilled to see Sonny and Cher live at the State Fair.  Here we’re very lucky  with dozens of venues presenting a host of summer concerts; the Gorge Amphitheatre (great groups, great camping, great big mosquitoes), McMenamins Edgefield Concerts out in Troutdale (eclectic music, good food and beverages), Portland Zoo Concerts sitting in the grass, Portland Jazz Festival, Waterfront Blues Festival (we went several years ago to hear Richie Havens because that’s where we found our daughter’s name), Waterfront Park concerts (Who can pass up the Oregon Symphony playing the 1812 Overture with the National Guard cannons on Labor Day). We have all enjoyed an evening dancing at one of the wineries or celebrating a wedding outside.  We can enjoy Michael Allen Harrison’s Ten Grands playing at Ron Tonkin Field or the wonderful Italian Festival, held each August at Pioneer Square, where the crowd is doing the rumba, the waltz, or cha to a large dance band.  There are usually dozens of concerts each week in local parks and venues.  Everyone loves dancing in McMinnville at the Valley River Dancers “Dancing Under The Stars”.  A few years ago we drove up to Seattle to see Paul McCartney in concert at T-Mobile Park, the baseball field.  It was a perfect evening, warm, with the lights of downtown Seattle as the backdrop.  The gal sitting to my left had come with her daughter and she and I decided we never dreamed we’d have an opportunity to dance, in the dark, under the stars to a Beatle.  She and I danced all night while her daughter sat glued to her seat.  Donnie joined in but in a more sedate manner letting the “girls” have fun.
 I know each and every one of you has memories too of other summers.  May I suggest we make a new memory of the summer of 2020?  We are definitely missing out but I have two suggestions, grab a lawn chair, a snack, an adult beverage, and make your own concert in your backyard, the music selections are up to you.  Smell the grass and enjoy the moonlight.
 I also recommend watching the Clive Davis documentary.  You will be amazed at the guy’s music savvy and insight.  We didn’t know that this mild mannered attorney influenced us so much.  Dancing is optional but recommended.
 Hope to see you dancing soon.
  Krystal Laas