On Saturday, July 11th, about 30 Sunset Promenaders and friends participated in a Poker Run.  It was set up like The Amazing Race, where teams needed to complete a challenge at each stop before receiving a playing card and a clue to find the next destination.  Safety was the top priority, with social distancing and hand sanitizer at each location. 
 Starting at the Cherry Lane Trailhead in Hillsboro, participants needed to toss a beanbag through one of the holes in a spaceship before continuing.  After finding “the quarter” (25th Avenue), teams played a short game of croquet at Griffin Oaks Park in really tall grass, which made it more challenging. 	
 From there, everyone traveled to the Fernhill Wetlands for a game of ring toss.  The next stop, at Thatcher Park in Forest Grove, featured a giant frog.  Teams used badminton rackets to hit shuttlecocks, ping pong balls, and plastic baseballs through the mouth of the frog.  It looked easy, but was deceptively hard, especially with the changing breeze.  This stop was probably the highlight of the competition! 
 Before revealing their hands, everyone was allowed to discard and draw one or two cards to improve their chances of winning.  Darrell Kalmbach had the best hand with five 11’s (queens).  Everyone visited and snacked for a while before heading home after a fun afternoon.
 Ruth Canby, our first round dance cuer, passed away on July 3, 2020 at the age of 91.  She cued for the Sunset Promenaders for twenty-five years; her husband, Mel, was our first square dance caller.  She taught round dancing to many people over the years.  Her contributions to the club also included decorating, food for potlucks, and managing scrapbooks to preserve memories made during club functions.  She attended many Sunset Promenaders activities after her retirement party at the Christmas Dance in 2010.
 Due to the more stringent restrictions on gatherings, the club picnic scheduled for August 16th was cancelled.  Dan and Terri Browning graciously offered to host the event, but felt it wasn’t possible to comply with the directives in place at this time.  They are looking forward to having a picnic at their house next year!
 Unfortunately, the pandemic has also led to the cancellation of the Seaside Sashay in October.
  Ferrous Steinka (with permission)
