The Happy Hoppers are mostly about having fun with our club dancing and social activities.  However, as  a fairly prosperous group of folks, we feel that it is important to give back.  We have chosen to help feed families who are hungry in our larger community.  Toward this end, we support the North County Food Bank and F.I.S.H. (Friends In Service to Humanity).

During the month of March, at our dances, we collected 330.2 pounds of food which we donated to the North County Food Bank in Battle Ground (http://www.nccfoodbank.org/) which exceeded our record last year of 235 pounds.  We're looking forward to setting a new record next year!

Also in March, we donated our time helping F.I.S.H. (http://fishvancouver.org/), by sorting 26,000 pounds of food donated by the annual "Walk & Knock" campaign (http://walkandknock.org/).  When F.I.S.H. receives that food, it is randomly packed in cardboard cartons.  The donated food needs to be sorted into 20+ classifications and then re-packed into cartons for use by the distribution center.  More than 20 Happy Hoppers showed up to help on each of 2 days.  It's a bit of a madhouse with folks carrying food from the table where the unsorted boxes are opened to the various classification stations.  That's where our experience as square dancers was most helpful.  There were plenty of opportunities for collisions, but our well-developed "radar" came into play.  I'm proud to report that no one was injured, at least not seriously.

Our weekly square dance lessons are now on summer vacation.  Lessons will pick up again on Monday, September 7th.  

As usual, we will hold 2 club dances in May, on the first and third Saturday evening, at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  The May 16th dance will feature an Ice Cream Social at the break.  You don't want to miss that one!

We have 2 club dine-outs scheduled.  On the evening of April 29th we'll meet at Gustav's on 164th Avenue, a half mile south of Mill Plain Boulevard.  On May 27th, it's the Spaghetti Factory on Mill Plain, just west of 164th.  As you can see, there are lots of dining opportunities within walking distance of the corner of Mill Plain and 164th.  If anyone wants to meet me there for lunch, just get in touch and we'll arrange a time and day.  No need to decide on a place in advance.  We'll take a short walk and work it out.

Marc Kahn
