This month, the Happy Hoppers have good news, and we have bad news.

We note, with sadness, the passing of our member Phillip Gilzow on August 17, at the age of 73.  Phil had been wrestling with heart issues for several months, but appeared to be on the rebound.  He and Ilona attended our club picnic on August 2.  He was looking forward to getting strong enough to dance again, and seemed to be on track for that.  Our sympathies go out to Ilona and the rest of Phil's family.  We'll miss Phil's smiling face.

Now, for the GOOD NEWS:  Our club caller, Jim Hattrick, is back in the saddle again after a 10 month absence.  He's back to getting his nutrition the old-fashioned way, and he's looking good!

Jim will preside over our lessons on Monday nights and our club dances.  Not knowing when he would be able to return, we had contracted with other callers and cuers for some future dates.  For those dances, there will be an abundance of talent as Jim joins the others.

As always, we have Plus dances on the first and third Saturdays of the month at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with squares at 8:00.  Caller Darrell Kalmbach and cuer  Dorothy Lowder will be joined by Jim Hattrick for a regular dance on October 3.  On October 17 we will have our Johnny Appleseed / Harvest Days Dance (think "Apple Treats" at break time) with Jim calling and cueing.

The Happy Hoppers work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive experience.  We encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of every month at 7:30.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.  

Many of our lesson students have risen to the Mainstream level only to be recruited by other clubs before they have had a chance to become Plus dancers and join the Hoppers.  We are committed to remain a Plus club, but we also want to keep our students in the family.  In an effort to provide our Mainstream students with some Happy Hopper floor time, on December 5, we will have a "Mainstream Splurge" dance.  The format for this dance will be Plus tips from 7:00 to 8:00, and Mainstream tips from 8:00 to 10:30.

Marc Kahn
