August 2015 was so busy for the Hoedowners that I&rsquo;m surprised anyone had time to take a vacation.  The 8th was our annual Knobby Knees Dance.  A cool dance on a hot knight, oops, make that night.  Did you know that the Scots are the only ones to still pronounce both the K and the N? Thanks to guest caller Darrel Kalmbach and guest cuer Randy Lewis for making the dance a special success.  The ice cream sundaes were much appreciated.
 On August 22 we held our most aptly name dance of the year, our Annual Hot August Nights.  This year August was filled with hot nights and I enjoyed every one.  Thank you to the Valley River Dancers for joining us on the dance floor and capturing a banner.  What great guests and a fun group.  Michael Kious joined Daryl on the stage and called a tip for us.
 On the 27th we had our first Annual Hoedowner Hops night at Ron Tonkin Field.  Twenty-eight square dancing baseball fans met for an evening of hot dogs, cheering, brats, towel waving, sausage, game playing, sauerkraut, picture taking, watermelon, a generally all around great time.  We sang &ldquo;Take Me Out To The Ballgame&rdquo; during the 7th inning stretch, oohed over some cracking loud hits, recovered a ball, got some autographs, and learned Barley&rsquo;s first name.  We were such great fans that no one booed the umpire.  Thanks to the Hops for the absolutely perfect weather and thanks to a wonderful group of friends for a perfect summer evening.
 We always look forward to TVC&rsquo;s Hahn Barn Dance and for good reason.  Rain and wind had threatened but fortunately the weather man was wrong! Conditions were perfect for dancing.  Hoedowners followed their crew, Daryl and Yvonne, and took home the attendance banner.  The potluck was delish and we love the opportunity to linger over dinner while we visit with other dancers.  Gary and Bette Hahn are such an asset to the square dance community and our hearty thanks for their generosity and hard work.
 What do we have in store for October? On the 10th we&rsquo;ll be celebrating Oktoberfest with a German menu and a bit of polka music then, on the 24th, it will be the infamous Hoedowner Monster Mash….  black lights and all!
 See you in Seaside for the Sashay,  
  Krystal Laas
