Some might call it a miracle; but I suspect it happens within square dance groups all over the country, maybe the world.   The afternoon of Saturday, September 22nd, as I looked around our River City Dancer picnic at Bert Labedz&rsquo; magnificent Creekside property, I didn&rsquo;t see a single person with their eyes glued to a mobile phone or other device.  Everyone was talking, eating, laughing, later playing games and joining in a couple of tips or rounds under the direction of our esteemed caller, Les Seeley.  They were actually interacting with each other, like folks used to do.  Thanks to Bert and her family, as well as our River City Family, for a wonderful time, in spite of the smoke and heat.  What better way to spend an otherwise miserable day?

I hear that River City Riders (RCR&rsquo;s) did us all proud at the USA West Convention in Helena, Montana.  Thanks, &ldquo;Horses&rdquo; for your continued hard work, dedication, and fun!

As I write this in the middle of September, I think about new beginnings.  For many of us, some September past marked our own introduction to square dancing.  River City Dancers are hoping our own classes, which begin Sunday evening, September 13, will be successful.  For myself, there has never been a more life-changing activity.  I look back to when my husband Leonard, and myself were taught by Jim Hattrick sometime around 1974 of 1975.  Their twin boys were &ldquo;in the oven&rdquo; at the time, so Hattricks would be able to give me a more exact date.  Square dancing and my fellow dancers have become a wonderful, positive part of my life, and I hope to continue as long as possible.  Since losing Leonard to cancer back in spring of 2012, I was lucky to find Rocky Curtis, who has found square dancing as positive an activity as I have.  You know Rocky &ldquo;rocks&rdquo; when he dances to a song that he especially likes.

We look forward to a busy October, foremost, of course, with our hopefully successful beginnings of lessons.  Then there&rsquo;s our &ldquo;official&rdquo; Saturday night visitation to R Square D&rsquo;s of Longview the first weekend of October (thanks to our visitation &ldquo;chair couple&rdquo;, Carol Mendenhall and Gene Meyer).  We end the month with our beach trip to the Landmark Inn at Lincoln City, and for a few of us willing to &ldquo;play hooky&rdquo; from our own third Saturday dance, the Seaside Sashay, the weekend before.
Hope to see you-all in a square soon!

Nancy Thornton
