Our 5/28 GREAT BALLS of FUR dance was a huge success, especially for many of our elderly, disabled, and/or needy neighbors in Clark County whose pets will benefit from cat and dog food contributions donated by dancers to Second Chance Companions "AniMeals" Program.  We had 9 squares in attendance, and lots of pet food was donated.  Thanks to all who attended!
 August looks like another great month to dance the evening away. On the 13th our caller/cuer will be Craig Abercrombie. Our Jim Hattrick will do the calling and cueing on the 27th.
 Our mainstream lessons continue, and we even gained a couple new students.  It is our hope that summer lessons will help increase the number of students who complete lessons and stick with the activity.
 Speaking of new dancers, some of our new dancers who recently joined our club are heading up a clothing sale we are planning for the 27th of August.  We have been requesting clothing donations and have received some beautiful clothes!  If you have some used square dance clothing, please let someone with our club know or drop off the clothing at one of our dances.  We will happily launder the clothing and our sewing experts will even make minor repairs. If you are interested in getting that special outfit, come dance with us on the 27th and get some good deals on shirts and skirts and who knows what else.
 We will be dancing throughout the summer, but due to a special event on 9/10 and the grange being unavailable on 9/24, we will be dark in September.  On the 9/10 many of our members will be participating in a square dance Flash Mob at the Washington State Fair in Puyallup.   Our multi-talented Secretary, Melissa James, who doubles as a professional tour coach operator, will be driving 50 square dancers to the fair, where we hope to break the Guinness Book of World Records for the largest number of square dancers to participate in a Flash Mob.  All participants will also receive all-day passes to attend the Fair on the day of the flash mob!  After enjoying the fair, we will be stopping to dance in Olympia with the "Olympia Do-Si-Dos," where our Caller, Jim Hattrick, will be calling that night.  Does it get any better than that?
 On 9/24, the cloggers will be using the grange.  What to do?  Visit another club, of course!  We hear that national caller Al Frazier is calling with Craig Abercrombie at R Square D that night.  They can expect some guests!  
 National Caller DAN NORDBYE will be in town in November.  He will be calling our dance the Saturday after Thanksgiving, 11/26, which will be our 1st annual "Turkey Burn-off Dance," with Julie Stiers cueing.
  Nick Johnson
