Our club is planning to move our dance nights to 1st, 4th, and 5th Saturdays in 2017, not 2016. For now, we are at the Boring Barn, dancing every 1st, 3rd, and 5th Saturdays in 2016, with the exception of New Year’s Eve. This is a fifth Saturday this year, but it has been canceled. Sorry, for any confusion that error may have caused.

     Summer is a busy time at the Boring Barn! On July 2nd, we had a great time and a good turnout at our community picnic and dance. The guys manned the grills for hamburgers, and hot dogs, and the gals dished up the salads, beans, watermelon, and cookies and everyone had plenty to eat. There was something for everyone, from volleyball to just sitting in the shade with a cool drink. Then, Darrell Kalmbach ably instructed the not-yet-dancers in some simple moves and got them dancing. Lonnie Sycks cued the round dances as we moved into our mainstream dance. There were lots of smiles and laughter and everyone seemed to have a great time. Many thanks to all the Cut-Ups who made it happen.

     The end of July will bring our 5th Saturday dance for those not going to Summer Festival in Seaside. Several Cut-Ups will be attending the Festival, but those remaining behind, will host an all Plus level dance with Craig Abercrombie and Stephanie Lezano. We hope to see another good crowd at the Barn on July 30th.

     In August, we are going to host a Murder Mystery Dance, August 28, 2016. There will be a “whodunit” play interspersed between dance tips. This is open to the public as well as dancers. Scott Zinser will be calling the dance portion and the Square Buster Players will be doing the play on Sunday afternoon from 2-5 PM at the Boring Barn. Come help us figure out who the killer is!

     Our Plus Workshops with Scott Zinser will continue throughout the summer, every Thursday evening, then on September 15, we will be starting our new dancer lessons. The Country Cut-Ups are going to be promoting square dancing in many way this summer, including a demo at the Day in Damascus celebration at Damascus Centennial Park on July 30th in the morning, and having a booth at the Boring and Dull Day in Boring, OR August 9th.
Beverly De La Bruere
