It was just like “the good old days” when we welcomed over twelve squares to our June 11th River City Dancer Anniversary dance.  It was a great honor and fun to have other clubs join us for the night.  Plus we had over a dozen former club presidents and spouses.  Thank you all who joined us!  You made the evening all the more special.

Like all square dance clubs, we are hoping for a big class, beginning with an open “Community Square Dance” on Sunday, September 11th, from 5:30 to 7:30 at our hall, Milwaukie Community Center, 10666 SE 42nd & Jackson; Milwaukie (corner of 42nd and Jackson).   As always, the first three lessons are available for beginners.  Lessons are $6 per person.

Regarding our lessons,to lighten the load, our Board has decided to try a rotating leadership for classes, once they begin.  Our membership has been wonderful at supporting the lessons whether they’re part of the designated leaders.  

Rocky and I have greatly enjoyed being angels in the past.  We try to attend as many sessions as possible.  Our caller, Les Seeley, is great at enhancing their learning by introducing simple singing calls from the very beginning, so our new dancers have fun while they’re learning.  We’ve been lucky to have great support from our membership, enough so that we can usually pair up two angel couples with beginners.

Our Caller Selection Committee are booking guest callers through the second dance in February 2018.  By the end of October 2017 the committee will present the Board with their three top selections to present to the membership.

As I write, we’re looking forward to our first Diamond Lake Festival (all these years I have been dancing, I have never been able to attend).  Then the following week, we’ll be in Seaside for the Summer Festival, which is our “official visitation” for July.

Thank you to those who make these festivities happen (by the way, they don’t just “happen”; we all know they take a tremendous amount of work!)

Speaking of “work”, I hope every club is thankful to their club editor.  Newsletters are so very important.  I remember many years ago (this was many, many years ago) when I was editor for our club, and I had to practically beg our current president for his report.  When I finally got It (in the snail mail, no less) I had to retype it on my trusty TYPEWRITER (what’s that?) and literally cut and tape the thing together, being careful to catch all the president’s errors first, which were many!  

Our River City Dancer editors have spoiled us.  Phillip and Michell Wood do a fabulous job every month.  We save a lot of money and time by electronically “mailing” our newsletter by PDF files, but they still take a huge amount of time and talent. They’re all the better for Jolene Cummings’ fabulous photos. Those who don’t have access to email still gets theirs through the “real” mail.

By the way, I also hope we all take time to thank Tim Roberts for saving our state of Oregon newsletter.  I believe many of us would still like to get the hard copy every month (I do) but that had become less reliable and too expensive.  So thank you, Tim (and wife Kathy, too) for making it happen every month.

Nancy Thornton
