Wow, what a fast this month has been, lots of energy and excitement around the love of Square Dancing.
 We started the month on June 8th with a theme for the dance as "Take Me Out to the Ball Game". There were even peanuts and cracker jacks!  Hot dogs were served at break. There were lots of Mariner Jerseys in attendance. Craig Abercrombie had good baseball themed music for everyone to dance to, Lonnie Sycks joined in with some good round dancing.
 Longview hosted the State Square Dance Festival the weekend of June 16th-18th.  Thursday evening (16th) at 7:30 the Trails End Dance started with 1/2 hour of rounds, followed with 2 hours of Main Stream dancing. The Front Porch Trio (Craig, Jim and Adam) called and the word on the street was that it set the tone for the entire weekend.  The Trails End dance was hosted by the R Square D club and was well attended and the calling of the Front Porch Trio couldn’t be beat.
 On Friday and Saturday evenings there were FREE square dance lessons in the Agriculture Building. Dave Harry was calling/teaching this dance. Starting on Sunday June 20th R Square D beginner lessons started at the Kelso Senior Center, 6 new students joined because of the free lessons that were offered at the festival.
 On June 22nd R Square D had a demo dance Wednesday afternoon from 1 to 2 PM at Delaware Plaza. Wednesday night dance 7 PM. was our Strawberry dance. Julie Stiers was cueing and Craig Abercrombie was our caller.
 August finds the R Square D club dancing on the 13th to a Hawaiian themed dance with Ice Cream Sundays. On the 24th we will have our yearly back to school dance and everyone is asked to bring school supplies to be donated to local schools.
 R Square D will be dancing the 2nd and 4th Wednesday June, July and August. Summer dances will start at 7:00 with 1/2 hour of plus, followed by Main Stream dancing. Lesson for the summer are on Sunday nights from 6:00-8:00.
 Many thanks go to Ron and Lynn Waliezer for hosting our monthly meeting. 
 For more information about the R Square D club please visit our website at www.r-square-d.info or friend us on Facebook.  The Caller for R Square D is Craig Abercrombie and our cuer is Lonnie Sycks.  
  Marie Geisler 
