 Our potluck club picnic was on Sunday, June 26th on the lovely grounds of Suzanne's country house. We thank her for her generosity in letting the club use her place again. There was croquette and hay rides, blueberry picking, and the dog race game where the smallest dog kept winning. We had about 35 attendees and danced to Lennie Ludiker and Jackie Gale and the food was very good.
We keep being surprised at the busloads of people who have been showing up at our club doors at our dances. It is great to see the hall half-filled or full quite often. The last dance in June we were happily surprised by the Corvallis Squares who opted to take back their banner from us. And the first dance in July we were surprised by a couple from San Luis Obispo, California. That was fun.
In August we will be having two wonderful dances,  Mike Halley will call at our August 12th dance, and Jim Voll will call for our August 26th dance. Jackie Gale will be doing the cueing as usual. (And her cueing is never "usual."  A rare one is she.)
In September Jim Hattrick will become our club caller for our second Friday dances. To celebrate our new caller and to encourage a big group of dancers, our Sept. 9th dance will be free. Come and enjoy.

Square Dance Lessons:
Starting September 13th, Wolf Pack, the Whirl-A-Ways, Single Trees, and Danebo Circle 8 will be combining to hold square dance lessons at the Emerald Empire Square Dance Hall in Springfield. Sandy Harris will be giving lessons at 7:00 p.m. until 8:30 p.m. teaching the basic 51 dance moves.  The lessons committee plans on having this done 4 times during the dance year. After the first lessons are completed and a new session is started again, mainstream will be added so those from the first group of lessons can angel the next group then stay for additional lessons to complete the mainstream calls. We think this will work and give people the support they need to do well. We hope to have a few B-51 level dances as well.

Submitted by Shirley Marc, Single Trees, webmaster