Please join us for our Summertime Fun dance August 6th.  Slake your thirst and cool down from the summer sun at our Root Beer Float dance August 20th.
 We traveled to Garibaldi for our June Visitation.  It was a lovely afternoon, and we had a relaxing time touring the Cheese Factory and walking on the beach, having dinner at Chinese Gardens before capturing a flag at the Wave Steppers.  What a fun dance that was!  We plan to return to the beach in August to dance with the Hayshakers.
 Our new class has nine students, including a pair of sisters and a three generational family.  Everyone is making phenomenal progress!  New dancers and students have a chance to test their wings during the first hour of our Saturday dances.  They also have an opportunity to practice at the Family Dance Nights first and third Fridays at Aloha Grange.
 Vicki Fotheringham, TVC rep and cancer survivor, organized a Demo Dance at OHSU Tuality Cancer Center.  Thanks to Terry Halley for calling that demonstration and to the Valley Squares members who formed a demo square and then angeled the survivors who were eager to try this form of exercise.  Vicki reminded us to be gentle with our handholds.  This was the best demo I have participated in because so many of the audience members got up to try dancing - and they did very well!  
 At our Trophy Dance, Gary Monday, an international caller who currently resides in Seattle, created a lively and exciting choreography with a great variety of music, some of which arose from his roots in North Carolina.  A wide variety of clubs were represented at the Trophy Dance, but Oaky Doaks walked off with the prize, having 15% of their members present.  Runner up was B & B's with 10 percent.  We hope that the metropolitan dancers show up in force to Oaky Doaks Trophy Dance because those numbers should be much higher.  Too many of you missed a wonderful night and an opportunity to dance to such an outstanding caller.
 Freshly picked Hoods were the main feature at our Strawberry Dance.  With the warmer weather, strawberries ripened so early this year.
 Hope to see you in a square sometime and somewhere, hopefully at one of our dances!
  Patt Hawthorne
