Thanks to everyone who attended our 41st Anniversary Dance April 24th.  In spite of parking challenges over 100 dancers showed up making this dance the best ever!  Our three callers; Jim Hattrick, Daryl Clendenin, Darrell Kalmbach, and cuers, Joyce Hooper and Yvonne Clendenin, responded to the crowd with enthusiastic calling of their own making the dance super special.  Our apologies for running low on food but we did try to make it up by bringing extra chicken and desserts.  Thanks to all the volunteers who managed to find extra chairs, tables, and food. 
 At the dinner Chairman Karen Steinka presented the Swenson Award to a couple who have devoted untold hours to the square dance community here and around the state, Mike and Sally Duyck.  When you see them say “Thank You and Congratulations”; they deserve it.
 The following officers were elected and will be installed June 4: Chief Dam Builder, Sally Duyck; Assistant Dam Builder, Karen and Ferrous Steinka; Thumper, Leslie Tallman; Gnawer, Mike Duyck; and TVC Representative, Kay Rogers. 
 Plus Classes are continuing and students are making excellent progress.  We will keep going until the dancers feel confident they can dance anywhere with different callers.  Thanks to the members who have been bringing in snacks for the students every Monday.
 Warning! On Memorial Day, May 30th, we will dance at the Aloha Grange, 185th Ave. and TV Highway.  Sunset Presbyterian Church will be closed that day.  No lessons on Memorial Day.  
 We dance on holidays.  Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons: Rounds 1:00 - 1:30 (Rounds will start at 1:15 during lessons); Plus 1:30 - 3:15 PM, Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  We dance on holidays too so if you have a day off come join us.  Our next holiday dance that will be at Aloha Grange is on Memorial Day, May 30th.  
 Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club.
  Rachel Nettleton
