Can anything equal the April we’ve had this year?  Certainly nothing in the weather department; lovely days and balmy evenings.  How did the Hoedowners spend theirs??  On the 9th we had our Denim and Diamonds Dance.  It was our chance to flash our bling; diamonds, diamante, rhinestones, pastes, crystals, we didn’t care.  We wore it in our hair and ears, round our necks and waists, on our wrists and boots and mounted on our denim of course!  Hope you enjoyed the evening.  We sure did and we’ll be blinging more items for next year’s dance.
 April 23rd was our annual Come One, Come All Circus Dance. The ambiance was perfect.  The fresh popcorn popping in the entry way was a sensory reminder of the joys of the circus.  And what a fine group of circus performers there were.  The tattooed man and lady were in attendance as was an assortment of clowns, vendors and that guy who gets shot out of the end of the cannon.  I’ve never seen so many red noses and no one had a cold.  The visitation from River City Dances was wonderful and they were truly in the spirit of the evening with costumes galore.  There were seven squares on the floor most of the evening and the dining room was full as we noshed on hot dogs, caramel corn, ice cream treats, licorice whips, you know all that healthy stuff we enjoy while at the circus.  Thanks to Janienne Alexander for calling a tip so Daryl could clown his way around the dance floor.  Please join us next year at our annual circus event.
 The very next day, April 24th, the Hoedowners had a visitation to the Eager Beavers 41st Anniversary Dance and Chicken Dinner.  We have so many friends that are members so it’s always fun to attend one of their mainstream dances and help them celebrate.  Congratulations to dual members Mike and Sally Duyck for winning the Swenson award.
 We ended the month by dancing at the TVC 5th Saturday Dance at the Aloha Grange and claiming the TVC Banner.  They always make sure we can dance every Saturday, every month and we’re thankful for it.
 What did the circus fortune teller say was coming up in June?  June 11th is our Strawberry Delight Dance.  The smell of freshly sliced strawberries will be wafting up from the dining room swerved with shortcake and cream and our Mr. Potato Head Dance will be June 25th.  We’ll celebrate Ms. Potato Head too.  If you’re not feeling all heady or up to big feet and ears then just come comfy and dine on our baked potato bar.  
  Krystal Laas
