It’s often difficult to give up a long tradition, and it has been so for River City Dancers.   For many years we’ve looked forward to our annual Lone Fir weekend in late July.  It’s only an hour’s drive for most of us (hold your breath for that fabulous I-5 blockage!)  There’s that fabulous view of Mt. St. Helens from the quiet little town of Cougar, Washington.  There was a choice of decent but somewhat rustic cabins at Lone Fir that were reasonably priced, or big RV spaces for those of us with rigs.  We had free use of a community “living room”, although “running water” had to be improvised.

This year, however, Lone Fir management upped their rates, and they wanted to charge for the common room.  Worst of all, no one offered to chair the weekend.  It was a lot of work, as a committee cooked two group breakfasts and one supper for fifty or more people.  Cougar has a couple of small restaurants, including there at the camp, but we wanted to be “self contained”.

Because of these factors, our River City Board wisely cancelled our Lone Fir weekend, and suggested that we go to Diamond Lake instead.

In all my years of dancing, I’ve always wanted to go to Diamond Lake.  We’re looking forward to a new adventure. 

A few of us managed to celebrate Sunday, April 10th at Timber 8’s Birthday Dance at the Buckaroo Barn in Roseburg.  The Crew was calling:  Jim Hattrick; Randy Dibble; Daryl Celendenin and Les Seeley, with Cuer Neil Koozer.  The best part was for $26 each, which included the door cost, we enjoyed a fabulous new bus driven by Melissa James.  What a luxury!  (What a great driver….we didn’t know Melissa drove a bus!)

I remember a few other square dance bus trips.  One was a River City weekend with the Charlie Brown Squares in Grants Pass.  We had a year to plan and raise money, because it cost over $100 a person.  The Charley Brown Squares treated us like Royalty.  We stayed at a medium priced (but clean) motel along the way.

I recall a few Mystery Trips taken by bus…so much better than “caravanning” and safer than cars. 

I highly recommend that clubs consider a special event by bus.  Our Roseburg bus was smooth and quiet, with soft comfortable seats and a great restroom in back.  (Plenty of leg room, too!)  With a little planning, I suspect clubs will find costs are not nearly as expensive as they think.
