On September 8th we observed the end of summer with our Back to School Sock Hop.  Does anyone remember why sock hops were popular?  They originated in the 40’s when dances were held in gyms across America and the hard-soled shoes of the time scuffed the varnish on the floors.  With the advent of tennis shoes and softer soles, the need to protect the hardwoods vanished.  At our sock hop we attempted to “polish” the ballroom floor with every sort of footwear.  A big shout out to Lewis Klein who was visiting from the Frontier Squares of Webster, Texas.
 On Friday, September 21st,a group of Hoedowners ventured to the Kinton Grange for the Toe Draggers 43rd Very Berry Anniversary dance.  Almost 14 squares, 109 folks, danced to the lively calling of KC Curtis and Darrell Kalmbach.  With almost two squares in attendance, the Hoedowners brought home one of our banners.
 The following day we held our Farmer’s Market Dance celebrating the plentiful produce we enjoy here in Oregon.  It’s a celebration of the harvest, farmers and their labors, and the bounty of gardens.  This year our dance was hopped up by an unscheduled guest.  It was Barley, the mascot of the Hillsboro Hops minor league baseball team.  The Hoedowners enjoy their annual summer party at a Hops game but it came as a total surprise when Barley decided to join us and try square dancing.  I must say Barley is a natural.  The after-dance buffet was excellent as usual; apples, pears, corn baked items and no barley.
 On September 28th we enjoyed a visitation to the TriSquares in Tigard for their 20th Anniversary.  Several of us started at Busters for some barbeque before the dance.  We had over two squares at the Tigard Grange packed with 132 folks, over 16 squares.  Adam Christman, guest caller for the night, had us dancing checkerboard which for some was new.  Once again, the Hoedowners retrieved one of our banners. 
 Looking ahead, November 10th will be our 11th annual Turkey Toss Dance.  I have no idea who proposed this dance all those years ago but it is always a winner.  (Editors note:  It was Mary T. Withers who came up with the idea and name.)  You can be a winner too by joining us in a bean bag toss for a turkey for you table.  We’ve tried to figure a way to toss turkeys without damaging the floor or straining backs but haven’t come up with anything yet.  Don’t miss out!
 We’ll be holding a Soup Dance on Saturday November 24th.  November always seems like soup weather and the buffet table will have soups of all kinds.  I think I may be headed to some local restaurants for a bit of “souper” inspiration.  I promise the unusual.
  Krystal Laas
