We had a great time at our New Year's Eve dance.  In keeping with the "Wild West" theme, John Wayne showed up for photo opportunities and dinner was served from an authentic chuck wagon.  Attendance was great with 10 squares for the first tip. The Front Porch Trio (Jim Hattrick, Craig Abercrombie, and Adam Christman) kept us moving all night.

The Happy Hoppers believe in giving back to our community.  With that in mind, we have committed to donating a few hours of our time, one Tuesday morning a month as a group, to sort food donations into usable categories for the FISH food bank in downtown Vancouver.  They appreciate it greatly, and we have a fun time doing it.  Everybody wins!

At our December 5th dance we recognized the long-term commitment of Dorothy Lowder and Hoyt Brezeale to furthering round dancing in our small chunk of the world.  They were presented with a commemorative plaque and a large basket of fruit.  By the time you read this, the fruit will be long gone, but they still have the plaque.

Carol and Danny Williamson are organizing a February 12th visitation to the Single Trees club's Anniversary Dance in Springfield, Oregon. We're renting a luxury bus, for transportation and an overall good time.  The callers will be the Wild Cards.  Jackie Gale will be cueing.

We will host our regular first and third Saturday dances at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  Our annual Sweetheart Dance will be on February 6, with a regular club dance on February 20.  Jim Hattrick will take care of both calling and cueing.  At our February dances, we'll be collecting non-perishable food to donate to a local food bank, so please keep that in mind.

We work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive experience.  We encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of every month at 7:30.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.  

Marc Kahn
