It's Spring, and things tend to move fast in the Spring.  There is a bad news / good news situation to report.  The bad news is that Jim and Brenda Martinez had to step down as our club presidents due to Brenda's ongoing health issues.  The good news is that Randy and Jackie Amundson have agreed to serve out the current presidential term, with assistance from Rex and Jean Tolstrup.  The Happy Hoppers are thankful to Jim and Brenda for their service, above and beyond the call of duty.  Our hearts go out to them in this time of trouble.
We will have a visitation on Saturday, March 14th with the Hoedowners at the Aloha Grange,  starting at 7:00.  Daryl and Yvonne Clendenin will call and cue.  This should be a fun dance and we're hoping that the Hoppers will show up in great enough numbers to make it even "funner".

We hope you can join us for some great food and fellowship at our next club dine-out, which will be at 6:00 in the evening of Wednesday, March 25th, at La Costa Mexican Restaurant, 4708 NE Thurston Way, Vancouver, WA (by the Olive Garden, near the Mall).  

April is the last month for our Monday evening square dance lessons before summer vacation.  Lessons will pick up again in September.  Craig Abercrombie is presiding in Jim Hattrick's absence.  We encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of each month at 7:30.  Plus lessons start at 6:30, Basic 1 at 7:30, Basic 2 at 8:30, and Mainstream from 9:00 through 9:30.

As usual, we will hold 2 club dances in April, on the first and third Saturday evening, at the Clark County Square Dance Center. However, this month each dance will be kind of special. 
 
On April 4th, we will have our annual Ice Cream Social dance.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with Plus squares starting at 8:00.  

On April 18th, we will hold our 56th anniversary dance.  The theme will be "Making Memories".  Callers will be Craig Abercrombie and Adam Christman with Molly Combs as cuer.  We will follow our normal schedule with pre-rounds at 7:30 and square dancing at 8:00, but because it's a party, this will be a Mainstream level dance with every third tip called at the Plus level.  This will give students who have completed lessons at least through level 72 a chance to get some floor time and to help the Hoppers celebrate.

Marc Kahn
