 The Hoedowners’ February just flew by.  Can the 2 or 3 extra days in a regular month make such a difference?  I think this glorious sunshiny weather made the month so incredible and quick.
 2015 is one of those years where our first dance of February falls on Valentine’s Day.  We were “Romancing Oregon” as it’s also Oregon’s birthday.  The ballroom was full because so many wonderful square dancers decided to celebrate the holiday dancing with us.  The hall was decorated in festive and romantic red, white and hearts.  The buffet table was heavy with chocolaty treats.  We took the opportunity to sing Happy Birthday to Debbie Olson.  She too is a Valentine baby.  
 We had our Annual Meeting, Potluck and New Dancer Graduation on Wednesday, February 25th.   We never organize a thing and yet the table is laden with a variety of appetizers, salads, main dishes and desserts.  Our meeting was brief, the conversations were lengthy; new shirts were ordered, social activities discussed and we graduated twelve new dancers.  Can’t ask for a better evening than that.  
 We wrapped up February in fine style with our 65th Anniversary Dance.  The club finally qualifies for Medicare but we just can’t figure out how to apply.  We had a wonderful group of dancers helping us celebrate with visitations from Valley Squares and Sunset Promenaders.  The ballroom was decorated like a trip down memory lane with each decade represented by nostalgic hints, old club banners and club dresses.  Our annual chicken dinner was enjoyed by a large group and two birthday cakes devoured during open break.  I hope you had a chance to join us.
 April is when we hold our Under the Big Top Dance.  Have you enjoyed a visit to the circus and dancing under our own big top at the Aloha Grange?  You must!  Costumes are optional but devilishly fun.  On April 25th, we have our Denim Dance where everyone comes in costume; denim shirts, denim jeans, denim skirts, what isn’t made in denim these days?
 As we tell our new dancers, “If we’re not supposed to dance, why all the music?”    
  Krystal Laas
