It was a completely unexpected bonus to have Jim Hattrick show up during our Monday night lessons on February 2.  His doctor told him to get out and do things as long as he feels up to it.  Jim called a plus tip including a duet singing call with Craig Abercrombie.  He's still got medical trouble, but it was great to have him join us for a short time!
	The Hoppers were sad to hear that our friend, Dean Woods, passed away in December.  While Dean wasn't an official member of the Happy Hoppers, he was a fixture, as an angel at our Monday night lessons.  Whenever Jim would call the move "Load the Boat" during the plus lessons, Dean would surreptitiously pull a wooden whistle out from his pocket and give it a couple of blows: "Toot-toot".  Now, in Dean's absence, when that move is called, most of the Hoppers give it a verbal "Toot-toot".  Whenever I hear that, I think of Dean.
	Our member, Melissa James, created a beautiful quilted bedspread and donated it to be raffled for the benefit of Jim and Judy Hattrick, to help them deal with Jim's medical situation.  $1,001.00 was raised for this worthy cause!  When the final raffle drawing took place, at the Mid-Winter Festival, the Hoppers were pleased to find out that the winner was another of our members, Mary Fulton.  Thank you Melissa, for your excellent donation, and congratulations to you, Mary, for your good fortune!
	Our next club dine-out will be the evening of February 25th at Chinese Gardens, 3218 NE 2nd Ave, Camas, WA.  We hope you can join us for some great food and fellowship.
	We are continuing with the monthly rotation for our Monday evening square dance lessons, with Craig Abercrombie presiding in Jim's absence.  Through April, we encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of each month at 7:30.  Plus lessons start at 6:30, Basic 1 at 7:30, Basic 2 at 8:45, and Mainstream from 9:15 through 9:45.
	We will be having a used clothing sale on March 23, during our regular Monday lesson time.  This is a great way to get you and your mate looking spiffy in traditional square dance attire without breaking the bank.
	As always, we have Plus dances on the first and third Saturdays of the month at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with squares at 8:00.  
	Both of our March dances will promote food collection for benefit of the North County Food Bank.  These folks do excellent work!  Their motto is "Knocking the Edge off Hunger".  The Happy Hoppers are pleased to do what we can to help.  We ask that you bring some non-perishable food donations with you when you attend our dances on March 7th and 21st.
Marc Kahn
