We were honored by all the Veteran’s who graced us with their presence at our May 20, Armed Forces Day Dance.  We so appreciate the love you have shown and the sacrifice given in providing freedom to our country -- USA.  God Bless America!!!

Darrell Kalmbach did a fabulous job as your fill-in, Putz’ (Roger Putzler was home bound with a flu bug that Friday), helped organized the event and truly honored the Vets during the Parade of Flags!  Julie Stiers, stepped up and filled the cuer spot at our May 6th dance -- and did a super job. Then, Julie was our scheduled Cuer for the Armed Forces Day Dance; we loved the patriotic music and your energy Julie.   Much thanks, also, to our club member, Sandy Shew, for scheduling Samantha Owings, our Celtic-Harp player -- what a star, she just shined! 

At our June 3rd “Hippie” Dance we had four squares on the floor.  Oaky Doaks, seven visitors &ldquo; not fair they were one short, were awarded an honorary visitation banner for their efforts.  Silverton too had a square.  Our ‘Caller Dude’ Scott Zinser put up three visiting guest callers and Cheryl Manley, the ‘Cuer Chic’ had really done her homework with the history shared on the songs she played, like the autobiographical hit “Creeque Alley” written and sung by Mamas and Papas.  Prizes were awarded to:  Ethan and Trinity, our only youth in attendance;  Adults:  Robert (Cut-ups) and Micky (C&P); and couple:  Danny & Carol Williamson.  Thank you, all, who made it such a ‘cool’ dance.

We are dark for the summer but will NOT be doing our food-booth fundraiser on July 16th -- Why?  The Hubbard Hop Festival has cancelled the event (until next year) as their insurance carrier opted to cancel some major liability coverage within their policy.  This makes us available to visit a club &ldquo; it could by YOUR club.

August 13th, Chaps and Petticoats will dance on the trailer in the Aurora Colony Days Parade.  Join us for breakfast at 8:00am at the American Legion Hall, we decorate the float beginning 9:00am and the Parade begins at 11:00am.  Bring you folding chair to watch!

Chaps and Petticoats will host lessons in September &ldquo; the first two Sundays:  9/11 (wow!) and 9/18 and free.   PLUS will be offered at 4:00pm, Mainstream begins 6:00pm.  SO Angels, IF you know someone who’d like to learn &ldquo; host them...bring them to the lessons and as an Angel, you dance for free throughout the lesson season.  Just our way of saying thank you for helping our students learn..  

I look forward to July 29-30th Summer Festival news -- hope to see you at Seaside.

Happy Feet
Betty Chipps
