There is nothing worse than an achy back and our favorite caller, Daryl Clendenin, had one the whole darn month of May.  It was Daryl who spearheaded our clamming plans for our beach trip and he had to miss it.  
 The 2016 Hoedowner Beach Trip was one for the record books; the perfect combination of weather, location, housing, food, hilarity, and most importantly the amazing participants.  Friday afternoon the group began to assemble at Hillcrest House on a sunny 70 degree day.  The planned activities began with “Stump the Chump” a game of talent and chance featuring nails and a hammer. Were the experienced carpenters and builders dominating? Heck no, Nancy Oswald and Marci Yoder were the two winners.
 As is customary with Hoedowner dining the table was piled high for the Appetizer Buffet.  After dinner we walked the half block to the Prom and beach to enjoy a spectacular Oregon sunset. It was one of those perfect evenings with the sky turning from yellow to pink to purple, the air perfectly still, the air balmy.  The spacious living room accommodated everyone as we frittered the last of the day away and planned for the clamming Saturday morning.
 Since low tide was at 9 we decided to assemble at 7 am to head for the beach.  We were stunned to find that the beach was crowded with an amazing number of clammers who obviously felt 7 was late.  We just headed due west towards the water line with shovels, clam guns, buckets and bags in hand.  Someone mentioned it looked like D-Day with all the holes already dug in the beach but we had no trouble at all finding those sneaky mollusks.  Norm Yoder, Donnie Laas, Chet Wolter and Larry Seimer did most of the digging with others giving it a try.  Darlene Ditsworth was down in the water collecting sand dollars, while the rest spotted, collected, counted, and rinsed clams.  No one came home clean or empty handed.  Everyone got their limit of 15 and we estimate we had 16 clammers….gosh that means we had over 200 clams to clean.  Cleaning?  With the help of our advisor Don from Hillcrest, we had an assembly line that would make Henry Ford proud. We were opening, trimming, rinsing, cleaning, hauling water and photographing the most beautiful clams you’ve seen.  We even had a bit of an audience assemble to watch.  Gosh we were good!
 The rest of the day was spent at our leisure, shopping, walking and experiencing a lovely day at the beach.  A heated game of Bocce Ball was played on the back lawn and a couple of hands of Canasta on the deck as well.  We all gathered back at Hillcrest house for our barbeque/clam feed and to give the Blazer fans a chance to watch the game.  Speaking of games our “100 Things” scavenger hunt results were revealed.  Did we expect anyone to approach the full 100?  Well, no, but Pat Wolter and Carol Hammill found 99.  Doug Morgan and Chris Stove came in second with 72.  Now there was some creative entries, ask Doug about his “bathing beauty” photo and both groups were creative in their interpretation of “bird on a fence” and Pat and Carol even found the Mill Ponds which I thought would be impossible.  As the evening wound down, the Bling Thing crew set up in the kitchen and adorned Hoedowner t-shirts, jackets, and sweats with rhinestones and silver studs. 
 Sunday morning found everyone up and thanks to the great crew at Hillcrest we simply packed our things and departed for other Mother’s Day festivities.  The consensus from everyone was that we need to do it again next year.
 May 14th was our Fiesta Dance, Ole!  Thanks to Roger Putzler for subbing for Daryl who was still waiting on MRI results.  Everyone loves the lively music from south of the border and Roger kept our feet moving.  My energy level began to lag for the last two tips but Roger turned up the fun and excitement and we were whirling and laughing up until the last tip.
 While Daryl recovered from his back surgery, Darrell Kalmbach called our Red, White and Blue Dance on the 28th.  Daryl is back on stage and behaving like his usual self, teasing, hugging and calling great square dance music.
 Hope to see you on July 9th for our annual Hawaiian Luau Dance.  I’ll bet you’ll be enjoying Hawaiian food while our air conditioning keeps the tropical breezes blowing and on July 23rd we’ll be serving Root Beer Floats.  I always enjoyed mine delivered on a tray by a roller skating waitress but that experience is hard to find in 2016 but you never know!  
  Krystal Laas
