The Oaky Doaks are gearing up for a July of fun and fundraising. We dance the first and third Saturdays at the Oak Grove Community Center, 14496 SE Cedar, Milwaukie, which has air conditioning and overhead fans, a great wooden floor, and hearing enhancement available. Dancing begins at 7PM with Intermediate Rounds, Pre-rounds at 7:30PM and Mainstream 8-11PM.

July 2 - We kick off the month with our Freedom Dance on July 2nd.  This is something a little different for us: we’ll start with a hamburger and hot dog barbecue at 6PM before the regular dance beginning at 7PM. Cost for guests is $7: $2 for the bbq, $5 for the dance. Come for either or both. We’ll have desserts at the break at 9:30PM.

July 1-4: Peninsula Optimists Club Fireworks Sales: Oaky Doaks volunteer at different times during these days to earn a donation to the Club for their service. The stand, located at the intersection of N. Lombard St. and N. Chautauqua Blvd in Portland, is open from 9AM to 9PM. Get your fireworks here and support both the Optimists’ youth programs and the Oaky Doaks.
July 8-10: The Ivys host the Club’s Annual Yard Sale Fundraiser Friday-Sunday, July 8-10 from 9AM to 5PM at 7027 N. Wabash Ave in Portland. A great variety of new-to-you items for sale for a good cause.

July 16: British Invasion Dance: We kicked them out once, but 200 years later they came back! The British Invasion of the 1960s brought a lot of fun fashion and Fabulous music. Caller Mike Halley will feature songs from some of the greats of that era, and we’ll be movin’ and groovin', square dance style.   This is a regular dance beginning at 7PM with Intermediate Rounds, Pre-rounds at 7:30PM and Mainstream square dancing beginning at 8PM.

July 23: Annual Picnic at Hillendale Park in Oregon City: A Saturday of family-friendly activities, including special fun stuff for kids and the young-at-heart. A potluck lunch, marshmallow golf and square dancing on the grass are some of the goodies organizers Susie and Larry Wood have lined up for us.  Starts at 10AM with lunch at 11AM. Relax, socialize and enjoy an afternoon of activities until ???  The park is located at 19260 Clairmont Way in Oregon City, with plenty of parking. 

We’re active all summer. Join us!
