It’s that time of year, when new club officers are handed the responsibilities and pleasures of replacing the “old” board.  For River City Dancers, that is done at our Anniversary Dance, the first dance in June, which falls on June 11th  of this year.

We’ve been lucky to have superb leadership, as always:  our outgoing President couple, Greg and Sandy Peterson: Vice President couple, Larry and Penny Crow; Secretary Couple, Neal and Virginia Keefer; Treasurer Couple, Jim and Carol Clippard.

Incoming officers are President Couple Larry and Penny Crow; Vice President Couple Neal and Virginia Keefer; Secretary Couple Janet Johnson and Ira Evans; Treasurer Couple Richard and Carolyn George.

Special advanced thanks go to this  incoming board, who will have the additional responsibility of searching for, recruiting and presenting to the membership, a replacement for our long time beloved caller couple, Les and Paula Seely.
Those of us who have been River City Dancers for a long time know how hard Les and Paula have worked for the club, as well as the betterment of the entire square dance community.

In selecting this new Caller (couple), River City would like him/her to not quite walk on water, but, as Rocky says, “close to it would be fine”!

We square dancers are a loving (and hopefully, lovable) bunch,  and in my opinion, tougher than the general population.

That thought occurred to me on a recent Sunday afternoon, when Rocky and I joined a special bus load of dancers to celebrate the sixteenth birthday of the Whirlaways in Springfield.  It’s always a special treat to dance to “The Crew”, when you can catch them.

Doing a little calculation to figure the age of this talented group, you realize they’re not young roosters anymore, good as they sound. To keep out of trouble,  I’ll list them in alphabetical order:  Darrel Clendenin; Randy Dibble; Jim Hattrick; and Les Seeley.   Yvonne Clendenin, their young “chick”, perfected the  performance with her cues.  It was a fabulous, spirited dance.
Those who know them realize there are some serious challenges among these folks, but the love pours out from them…true “tough love”; in the spirit of the “show must go on”.

The same goes for our dancers.  I won’t mention their names, but a certain long married couple left the bus that day with some of us for a Costco lunch.  The gentleman  stepped from the curb and did a total “face plant” to the adjoining pavement, some eight inches below, taking his wife with him.
Dancers attended to them quickly and called 911.  The couple were transported to the local ER where they were checked out, stitched up, and returned to the end of the dance:  bloody and bruised, but still smiling and ready to dance the last couple of tips.

We love Square Dancers, and include in that, the entire Square Dance Community.
