Summer is the time for traveling and finding ways to beat the heat.  Many clubs go dark for the summer and use the time for visiting other clubs because their own facilities do not have air conditioning.  How fortunate we are at Aloha Grange, where volunteers have put in long hours to improve and update our historic facility.  So if you want to dance in an air-conditioned facility with a relaxed dress code, join us at our dances July 2nd and 16th. 
 Visitations are wonderful ways of building friendships between clubs.  In the lighter, longer summer hours, Valley Squares plans to visit clubs that involve a longer commute.  We ended May by crossing the river and capturing a flag from Columbia River Dancers.  They advertise that "Singles are welcome" and promise that "everyone will dance".  They definitely lived up to their promise and we had a wonderful time dancing to the amazing, energetic Jim Hattrick.  So many dancers - especially new dancers - do not have partners and so, once lessons are over, get left on the sidelines.  At Valley Squares, we encourage our dancers to learn both positions, so if you just want to dance, have fun, and are not freaked out by dancing with someone of the same gender, our club is also a great place to get in floor time.
 Our class graduated and celebrated with a Jamboree May 22nd.  We have been encouraging new dancers in the area to join us for the first hour of our Saturday dances and had a decent turnout in May.  Not only our new graduates, but folks from Columbia River, Oaky Doaks, Sunset Promenaders, Tri-Squares, Tualatin Timbers, Rosetown Ramblers and Hoedowners joined us May 7th and 21st.  Such energy!  Thanks to the folks from those clubs who encourage their new dancers to try these events out, and even warmer thanks to those of you who accompany them to support them in their squares.  A familiar friendly face makes the adventure less daunting.  The Saturday dances are progressive, so the tips get more challenging throughout the night.
 We ended the month by starting another Basics class.  More families are trying out Oregon's State Dance and it is fun to see the kids master the steps and build cross-generational friendships.
  Patt Hawthorne
