We are blessed in the Portland/Vancouver Metro area and beyond...in the entire Pacific Northwest…by the fabulous  talents of many excellent callers and cuers.  Our club, River City Dancers, has been among the luckiest groups to enjoy a very special caller couple, Les and Paula Seeley, and cuer, Tami Helms and Tim Keck.

When Les calls, he puts everything into it.  We know there have been times when he wasn’t feeling all that well…but us dancers wouldn’t have known it.  Les and Paula have been extremely dedicated over these many years.  I don’t think we show our appreciation enough,  so I’m using this small space right now to say, “THANK YOU!  THANK YOU!”.  

At our first March dance for River City Dancers, with Les and Paula Seeley enjoying a short sabbatical, we were visited by three super callers.

Mike and Julie Stout called and cued; then KC Curtis, as well as our “advertised” caller, Daryl Kalmbach.  It was a wonderful evening.

As if my feet and legs weren’t already worn out, the next afternoon, my partner, Rocky Curtis and I went to the River City Riders’ fundraising dance at Abernethy Grange, featuring Jim Hattrick and Adam Christman.  It was another unparalleled  dance; a far better way to spend a stormy afternoon than staying home, or even going shopping!  Ha!  Ha!

Rene’ and Gary Ruud were billed as the caller for our next dance, but we learned Rene’ had a fractured foot, so another great caller replaced her, Daryl Clendenin, with his wife, Yvonne.

How lucky can we be? Even better, our “established callers” are mentoring new generations of callers and cuers.  I’m thinking of how Les helped KC Curtis as well as Rene’ and others.  Then there’s Jim Hattrick, who has worked with Adam Christman to the point I must say they sound very much alike.  What a fabulous duo!  Then there’s Mike Kious, who has his well-known caller Grandfather, George Herman, supporting him.  Anthony Egan is another rising star to watch.  Best of all, he is becoming involved in the PAC end of our dancing organization.

If Square Dancing is going to remain viable, fun, and successful, we all must “angel” to the extent of our time, commitment and capabilities.  It goes far beyond participating in a square.

Let the “beat” go on!
