 The Hoedowners were merry makers this December.  The merriment began on the 7th with our New Dancer Jamboree.  As always, the Grange made sure the ballroom was beautifully decorated for the holidays.   Our fun loving students squared up like pros.  We were joined by River City Dancers while Les Seely joined Daryl on stage to call. Holiday music and dance; it was beginning to feel like Christmas.
 On the 13th we held our annual Toyland Dance.  Nothing is more festive than a tree with toys stacked beneath.  The toys were loaded up and delivered to needy children.  Once again, the Aloha Grange adopted a family for the holidays inviting the Hoedowners to participate.  Clothing, toiletries, toys, school supplies, a microwave, books, all appeared then were delivered to a family in need; giving, another joy of the Christmas season.
 December 20th Hoedowners had two squares at our visitation to Sunset Promenaders. It was a wonderful evening with friends old and new; sharing is spirit of the holidays.
 On the 27th we held our first Pajama Dance.  Comfies were the fashion.  I noticed a lot of flannel and fleece, a bit of satin here and there but Chet Wolter took the prize wearing a red union suit.  He made an iconic American image. Cowboy boots and a western scarf completed his ensemble.  Was he channeling John Wayne and Henry Fonda or Santa post-Christmas?  I think the latter.  You know the old fellow from up north is lounging around in his comfies the week after Christmas too.  We noshed on waffles, biscuits and gravy, cinnamon rolls, etc.  I didn't know whether to go home to bed and start my day.
 Join us February 14th for our Romancing Oregon Dance.  Oregon became the 33rd state on Valentines Day in 1859.  We try to make it rather a romantic evening celebrating the anniversary and Valentines Day.
 We'll wrap February up with a celebration of our own on the 28th.  It is our 65th Anniversary Dance and will be preceded at 6:15 with a chicken dinner.  We hope to see you laughing and smiling in our square.    
  Krystal Laas
