By the time you read this, Mid-winter will be a happy memory - one filled with fun and conviviality, "reminiscences" with old friends re-found and lots and lots and lots of dancing.  With hearts full of gratitude we thank the committee and all those who supported them to plan and who worked behind the scenes to make this wonderful event happen so smoothly.
	To continue that joy, consider visiting the Oaky Doaks.  Our Saturday, February 7 dance is our "Reigning Cats and Dogs Dance" - a benefit for Clackamas County's Ani-meals program.  Ani-meals is the pet version of 'Meals on Wheels'. Did you know that oftentimes seniors give their home-delivered meals to their beloved cats and dogs so that their pet-friend can eat? For seniors receiving home-delivered meals, Ani-meals provides a possibility for nutritious pet food.  Your donation of dry or wet, cat or dog food will reduce your dance fee to $4.  Thank you for coming and joining us in supporting this special program.  (We've donated an average of 150 pounds each of the last 3 years. That's 1/10th of what is delivered each month for 325 pets in Clackamas County. Help the Oaky Doaks help Ani-meals help seniors with their pets.)
	Helen Halley, our cuer, has invited dancers to give input on the 'Round of the Quarter'.  During the Phase II Pre-rounds from 7:30-7:50 pm she will cue the choices and the dancers will 'vote' on the choreographed dance.  At 7:50 pm our mini-Plus teach begins and then its Mainstream from 8:00 until 11:00 pm with a potluck break inspired by our furry friends diet.
	We're running a 1/2 hour Plus teach before our Mainstream lessons every Thursday at 7:00 pm.  Come brush up or solidify your Plus moves and angel our new Plus students.  And why not stay and angel the Mainstream students?  Hey -- did you read Part Two of the Radio interview with Mike Halley? See the transcript on page 2 of the January Oaky Doaks Newsletter, which you can find on the following webpage: <a href="http://oakydoaks.com/Resources/OD%20Newsletter%2001-15.pdf">http://oakydoaks.com/Resources/OD%20Newsletter%2001-15.pdf</a>
	It's not too early for the planners of the August 'Big Birthday Bash Dance'.  They are interested in knowing any milestone birthdays happening in 2015.  Let Elysa and Eric know (c/o  newslettereditor@oakydoaks.com) your or your 'significant' other's 2015 milestone and be part of creating this fun celebration.  Remember: everyone who has a birthday in 2015 is invited!
	May is coming up fast.  It is our 55th anniversary dance and we're heading south where it is hot.  Oh --and did I mention a guest personality will make their presence known?
Elysa Foxman
