Yabba, dabba, doo we had a super time at our Flintstone dance on February 17th - thank you, all, for your enthusiasm.  Darrell (and Erin) Kalmback brought high energy levels to the Flintstone dance in their "Flintstone" attire and by customizing songs with Bedrock words/lyrics.  'Lil Sandra Pinion added flare to our Round Dance cues.  WOW, that was a fun time!   Costume prizes were awarded to:  adult male/female:  Robert and Yung, youth male/female:  Ethan and Trinity.   

We introduced new Officers at our March 3rd dance.  Retiring President (that's me) thanked our former Club Officers for their past two years of service by awarding a gift, a Bobble-head "Dino" the Dinosaur (blue and purple, of course) solar toy - our first Mascot, appropriate since our "Flintstone" dance celebrates our Club's anniversary dance.  Retiring officers were:  President, Betty Chipps with six-years of service and Vicki Pounds, as Secretary (duties fulfilled in 2016 when incumbent Secretary resigned) and Roberta Elders, PAC Representative (a position served for multiple years).  New Officers were introduced:  Bill (& Cindy) Sanford, President; Paulette Stahlecker, Secretary (and wife to Bruce Stahlecker, Sheriff); Betty Chipps, PAC Representative and Roberta Elders as 2nd PAC Rep.  Some officers from last year will serve another term - they are:  Tim Kane as Vice President, and Vicki Pounds as our "Bean Counter" (Treasurer) and Web Master.   Much thanks to all who stepped forward to carry the Officer duties of Chaps and Petticoats.

Mark your calendars for our April 21st "Go Hog Wild Dinner/Dance,"    Tim Kane has donated the pig, roasts the pig AND calls the Dance - he is joined on stage by Cheryl Manley, cuer.  Dinner served at 6:45pm, Rounds at 7:30pm and Mainstream at 8:00pm.

When you attend our 1st Friday and 3rd Friday dances, be sure and thank Vicki Pounds, who most frequently opens our Grange doors for our callers and cuers to set up.

Have a blessed Easter!
Betty Chipps
