We had so much fun in February I can hardly believe it was only 28 days.  We held two make-up classes for our new dancers on the 1st and 8th.  This class of 15 was truly amazing and those last two classes allowed them to really hone their skills. 
 Our Mad Hatter Tea Party Dance was February 11th and what a variety of hats attended, the mundane, the lyrical, the lighted!  The dining room was adorned with tea cups and tea pots but where were the Queen of Hearts and the White Rabbit?  I think they were on the dance floor all evening.
 Wednesday, the 15th was our Annual Hoedowner Potluck-Graduation-Meeting.  The buffet tables were laden with delicious food of all sorts.  Nothing tastes better than another person’s cooking.  We had plenty of time to visit and when the door prizes were drawn Kelly McCaw won the vintage set of square dance tumblers and Curt Brehmer won the free night’s stay at the Marriott.
 February 25th was our 67th Anniversary Dance and what a celebration it was!  We had over 100 join us for our chicken dinner, replete with baked beans, coleslaw, potato salad, rolls, and cake.  We were tucking chairs in everywhere.  And after dinner the Aloha Grange was rocking with 11 squares on the floor and more attendees sitting on the sides.  Thank you to the Toe Draggers and Sunset Promenaders for making this a club visitation.  We always enjoy your company.  Richard Lane, Darrell Kalmbach and Casey Curtis joined Daryl on stage and those voices blend so well together.  We used our Black and White Sparkle decorations as we had to cancel that dance in January because of the weather.  Love to see dancers in their black and white best.  Special kudos to Beth Procassini for her vintage black skirt and top bedecked with hundreds of silver sequins and a shout out to David and Colleen Van Winkle for their matching, sparkling outfits that Colleen sewed especially for this dance.  You are setting the bar very high. 
 I’m not looking forward to any April showers.  I’ve had quite enough already but I am looking forward to:
 April 8th:  Denim and Diamonds Dance, everyone has at least one of the two in their closet and;
 April 22nd:  Hope to “Sea” You Dance, I’m leaving my swimsuit at home but beachwear and cruise wear will do.
  Krystal Laas
