	Here it is, a new year, and there is some troubling news to report.  Our long-time club caller and cuer, Jim Hattrick, dealing with serious medical issues, is unable to preside over our club dances and square dance lessons.  His recovery will require an extended time frame.  The Happy Hoppers and, indeed, the entire regional square dance community are doing what we can to support Jim and his family.  Our thoughts, prayers, and healing energy are focused on helping him through the current trouble.  We request that each member of the community take some time to hold Jim in the Light and pray for his health.
	There are a couple of benefit dances coming up, with the proceeds going to Jim and his family.  The first is on Sunday, December 21, from 1:00 to 5:00 at the Milwaukie Community Center.  Also, the Hoppers' regular dance night on Saturday, January 17 will be a benefit dance for Jim.
	In the meantime, the "show must go on".  Our president, Jim Martinez, has been scrambling to find callers and cuers to fill in for our scheduled dances and lessons.  It's been a challenge to get that done on such short notice, but Jim M. has found that the sense of community has prevailed, with local talent stepping up to the plate for us.  The square dance community is both beautiful and resilient!  
	We are continuing with the monthly cycle for our Monday evening square dance lessons, with Craig Abercrombie presiding in Jim's absence.  Through May, we encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on the first Monday of each month at 7:30.  Plus lessons start at 6:30, Basic 1 at 7:30, Basic 2 at 8:45, and Mainstream from 9:15 through 9:45.
	As always, we have Plus dances on the first and third Saturdays of the month at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with squares at 8:00.
	This report is for January, but if you happen to see it before the turn of the year, "A Night in Venice" will be the theme of our New Years Eve dance this year.  Dinner will be included (Italian food!) in this special event.  Adam Christman and Craig Abercrombie will be calling.  Dorothy Lowder will be cuing. Buffet dinner starts at 7:30 with dancing at 8:30.
Marc Kahn
