 Our club has been trying a number of new things to get the community involved in our activities. Our mainstream lessons start September 15th, and at this writing, that has not happened, yet. Stay tuned and next month there will be an update on the success. We have invited the community to a couple of activities at the Boring Barn, a July 2nd picnic and a murder mystery dance, and community turn out has been minimal. Those events, however, were well supported by the square dance community, so thank you for that. The other thing we have done, is to go out into the community where they congregate. We did a demonstration dance at the Day in Damascus at the end of July, and served ice cream at the Boring and Dull Day in August. At each event, we talked to people attending and passed out class flyers. We will pass out more flyers at the Celebration in Boring on September 11th. We have posted signs, put information on our reader board and posted events on social media sites. Overall, a large effort has been put forth by our club. Will the sowing reap a good crop of new dancers? Stay tuned!

     October is a busy month at the Barn. Our 56th Anniversary Dance is on October 1st, we have a general club meeting on October 2nd and a Burgerville fundraiser on October 3rd. If you eat at the Burgerville in Gresham at Stark and Hogan, between 5 and 8 PM, we will get a percentage of the proceeds. Then our third Saturday dance will happen on October 15th and the next day, October 16th will be our annual fundraiser Ham, Eggs, and Pancake Breakfast and Bazaar. We will be raffling off a beautiful hand embroidered tablecloth and a night and the Clackamas River House Bed and Breakfast. October 21st and 22nd, many Cut-Ups will be in Seaside for the Sashay. October 23rd we will be hosting some foreign exchange students and their host families to teach some basic square dance moves and serve up some American food dinner. This will be another fundraiser for our club. We will finish out the month with a 5th Saturday dance on October 29th with a Halloween theme. Come join us for some of these activities!

Beverly De La Bruere
