We welcomed five new members to our club after they graduated as Plus Dancers. 
 IMPORTANT:  Our dance time changed.  Dancing will begin at 1:00 pm and end at 3:00 with a short meeting for announcements at around 2:30. 
 Sometimes we do not dance but get together just to eat, relax, play some holey board baseball, and eat (repeat is not a mistake) so our picnic at Noble Woods was a great success.  Even Genevieve, our oldest member at 104, came to see how we were doing.  It was amazing to see how forty people could put away chicken, beans, salads, and desserts.  Holey board baseball is supposed to be a game of skill tossing beanbags through holes labeled with 1,2,3, HR, outs but I think it looked more like chance to me because my team only won by two points even though we were more skilled.  When you see Sally and Mike Duyck give them a hug and say thank you for their work along with other club members for making the picnic a success.
 Buy your ribbons for Seaside Sashay before October 7 to receive your discount!  You will enjoy dancing to callers, Ray Brendzy and Richard Lane; and cuer, Debbie Taylor.  The fun starts Friday, Oct. 21 at 7 pm and continues on Saturday at the Seaside Convention Center.   
 Opportunity awaits you.  Come to dance with us on Halloween Monday wearing your most terrifying costume. Are you thinking about politicians!  You were?  You will be able to dance with or without costume but I marvel at the creativity members have.  At least you will have your photo taken to appear on the front page of the Newsletter and maybe even in the OFN! You can be a celebrity!
 We dance on most holidays.  Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, 12:30-2:30 p.m., at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton. 
 Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club.
  Rachel Nettleton
