With the beginning of school, many of us in the square dance community are hopefully beginning new classes for mainstream dancing, including River City Dancers.  This will be our last year of lessons taught by our caller, Les Seeley, with his retirement scheduled in February 2017.  It is a glad/sad occasion for us all, who have come to love Les and his wife, Paula.  They will be missed.

Our farewell flyer was designed by our very talented graphics person, Jolene Cummings.  This celebration marks the end of a wonderful twenty-six-year run, and hopefully the beginning of a new one for River City.  By the time we’re holding our February 2017 celebration, we should have a new caller/couple leading us into our next era.

I remember many years ago when husband Leonard and I announced Les as our River City caller when we visited other clubs.  Several people hadn’t heard Les and expressed their condolences.  Yes, that’s no joke!  But those people hadn’t yet heard this man…this calling, hard-working genius and his ever-lovin’ wife, Paula.  

Since I missed submitting our September River City article, I will note that Rocky and I very much enjoyed Summer Festival in Seaside.   I hear it was an effort of love put together by just a few dedicated folks. We had a great time! Thank you, all of you!  And by the way, if you’re a dancer who hasn’t yet managed to attend a Sunday morning “Heavenly Hoedown”, try to make it next time, either at Albany’s Winter Festival or next year’s summer festival in Salem.  It’s worth gathering your aching dancing bones awake and limping over to the hall.  The experience will put your heart back in singing mode!

Some of us enjoyed Diamond Lake instead of our traditional summer campout at Lone Fir.  Between the lack of ol volunteers for the weekend at Lone Fir and a drastic raising of rates and restricting of facilities, we just couldn’t get inspired. Diamond lake offered a sweet alternative.  Those who went said they had a wonderful time.

By mid-September, we will  have refinished our ballroom floor at Milwaukie Community Center on 42nd & Jackson.  It won’t affect River City’s dancing.  Most of us don’t appreciate the work that goes into maintaining those precious wooden surfaces.  We are dependent on volunteers and caretakers for these halls.  Bert Labedz and Cathy Betzer have faithfully headed up once-a-month cleaning/repairing events.  Thanks also to Jim Adams and Jim Jenkins, our hall “masters”.

River City’s Lesson Committee, headed by Nancy Day, is hard at work setting up our Lesson schedule.  Mainstream starts on September 11, 2016, and goes from 5:00 to 7:00.  We take some time off around the Christmas holidays and plan to graduate the class just before Mid-Winter at the end of January.
We hugely enjoyed our summer Picnic at Bert Labedz’s “ranch” at the end of August.  It was better than ever.  

One thing we won’t miss are the “steamy” casual dances we’ve been enjoying.  As the weather cools, so do most of us “pretty up” with our fluff and skirts of one kind or another.  

We’re looking forward to our October visitation to the R Square D’s in Longview.  Quite a few River City Dancers come enjoy their Octoberfest dinner and dance on Saturday night, but also include the workshops; garage sale tour; and friendship.  That club does a super job of making us welcome.  I don’t think I’ve missed a single year.  As always, Les Seeley and Tami Helms are our stars!  Thanks, you-all!

River City Dancers enjoy our annual end-of-October beach trip at the Landmark Best Western in Lincoln City, which is at the southern end of those famous “Miracle Miles”.  (That’s the part that used to be called “Taft”, as us old-timers remember).  Because our club trip is the weekend after the Seaside Sashay, many of us may refrain from including that event.  It’s hard to make choices, but time and pocketbook restraints sometimes limit our options.  Rocky and I hope to include both.
Hugs to all!
