Valley Squares will be dark for our first dance in October, but we are very excited that National Caller and Oklahoman Scott Bennett will be in town to call our October 15th Dance.  According to his web page:
 Scott began calling in 1984 at the age of 18.  He has called festivals and special dances in his home state of Oklahoma and across the United States.  Scott currently calls for beginners thru A-2.  Scott takes pride in his enthusiastic presentation, choreographic creativity, musical variety, "high-energy"/"up-beat" dance delivery, sense of humor, and vocal style.  He is a CALLERLAB Accredited Caller, a member of the CALLERLAB Quarter Century Club, a member of CALLERLAB, and is involved with many local area caller associations as well.  In 2015 Scott became a member of the CALLERLAB Board of Governors.
 Scott has recorded Square Dance Music on Dance Ranch Records, Hi-Hat Records, Blue Star Records, Rawhide Records, and Chic Recordings.  In 2013 Scott started his own Square Dance music labels! Check out Crest Recordings and Acme Recordings!  He was a nominee and finalist in the first ever international Square Dance Callers Awards "The Ozzie's".  He is honored to have been nominated and proud to make the finals in four categories in a worldwide caller competition! Scott placed as follows, Best Male Vocal on a Singing Call - 5th place, Best Overall Male Caller - 5th place, Most Entertaining Caller - 7th place, Caller of the Year - 6th place!!!!
 We hope the square dancing community turns out in full force for this dance.
 August was a busy month.  We had a wonderful picnic at Rood Bridge Park.  Families played croquet, kicked the soccer ball around, chased Frisbees, and visited under the pavilion on a lovely day.
 We had fun at our visitation to Hayshakers, and we laughed at the antics of the Country Cut-Ups Players during their Murder Mystery Dance.  We won a flag from Hoedowners when a square of us showed up to dance to National Caller Steve Noseck.
 Stalwart efforts by Connie Clark, Larry Siemer, & Sharon Tefelske kept the air conditioning going so we were able to hold our Ice Cream Float Dance.  The irrepressible Jim Hattrick kept us hopping with some creative choreography.  Earlier in the month, Darrell Kalmbach and Connie Clark made sure we weren't doing any false advertising at our Summertime Fun Dance.
  Patt Hawthorne
