Willamette Squares dancers have been busy. In July we had our "Fun in the Sun" square dance and in August was our "Watermelon" dance. As you might very well guess, refreshments in August consisted of watermelon and plenty of it! Sandy even did her "Watermelon Crawl" singing call. As always, we had a great time dancing and eating watermelon. 
Our annual square dance picnic was held at Bethany School. Despite the warmer temperature, there was a cool breeze blowing through the covered area where our tables were set up. There was an ample supply of good food and an opportunity to visit. Of course, we danced, while a few others enjoyed watching. A good time was had by all! 

A highlight this summer was the 60th wedding anniversary for longtime square dancers, Brice and Nancy Baker. Their daughter, Karen, also a square dancer, hosted a luau in their honor. The theme was Blue Hawaii, and if one didn't know better, you would have thought you were in the island paradise of Hawaii. The Uke-de-do's, a ukulele group from Woodburn, were there strumming and singing Hawaiian songs, and I hear tell Elvis was in the house singing some of his hits. The food was traditional and delicious and the hula was the dance of choice. It was a memorable celebration for a lovely couple who claimed their 60th wedding anniversary was more elaborate than their wedding! 

Coming up mid September the Willamette Squares have been invited by the Youth with a Mission to entertain at their Fall Staff Conference in South Salem. Members from Willamette Squares will demonstrate and teach the staff square dancing. It will be an enjoyable time for all. 

Willamette Squares would like to remind everyone of a few upcoming changes. We will be going dark on the fourth Saturday of October which is our regular square dance time at the Salem Square Dance Center. Instead will be our birthday dance the next day on Sunday, October 23 at 1:30. We will also be going dark on the fourth Saturday of December, which is the 24th, and in its place on January 8, 2017 at 1:30 will be our New Dancer dance. Then on the fourth Saturday of January 2017, on January 28, Willamette Squares will be dark because of Mid-Winter.

We hope everyone has enjoyed a summer full of dancing and fellowship.
Jodee Howard 
