April 8th was our Denim and Diamonds dance, everyone casual and comfortable with just enough sparkle to brighten the dance floor.
 Hope to Sea You was our ocean themed dance on the 22nd.  The dining room was awash with shells and ocean center pieces and we noshed on beach foods.
 Another great Hoedowner Beach Trip is in the books. The weekend of April 27, 28, 29 & 30 thirty-one members joined us for all or part of the extended weekend.  We gathered on Thursday evening for the ever popular a potluck and most of us ventured down to the beach to watch a great sunset with the light streaming from behind billowy clouds.  We were disappointed that the razor clam season at the Oregon coast was closed although most brought their clam guns and gear in case it opened.  :(  :(  It did not.
 Friday morning we had a wonderful breakfast table and kicked off several of our games and competitions.  The “Who Am I?” game had people stumped for most of Friday with guesses as diverse as the Pope and Clark Gable.  Finally Vicki Mulick correctly guessed Captain Hook and Will Wolter discovered him lurking in a toilet tank.  Prizes for both!  There was a heated game of baseball on the beach, guys against the gals.  Amazingly it was an eight all tie (Ha!) despite the gals having one extra player and Doug Morgan’s tremendous hit that literally blew up the ball.  We feasted on pizza for dinner, played pinochle teaching the Hoedowner method to any newbies, assembled jig saw puzzles, decorated sand dollars, and had a competitive bean bag tournament.  Napping, did I mention napping?
 Saturday morning found the crew lining up for Belgian waffles along with bacon and eggs.  We played “Have You Ever?”  It was very popular with this crowd as its played sitting down and for candy.  A couple of Hoedowner car loads headed north to Camp Rilea for a few hours to see the vintage car show.  The “100 Things” search was certainly heating up as groups scattered around town looking for an assortment of items and there was strolling, shopping, beach combing, photo snapping, and napping.
 As the day wound down we dined on homemade clam chowder, hamburgers and a wonderful salad just to keep it healthy.  The Ladder Game tournament was won by Pat Wolter and Ron Waterman and the sand dollar finalist were announced. The “100 Things” photo scavenger hunt went right down to the wire with two teams finding 99 items.  Who knew the candy store would be out of Black Jack gum?  The tie breaker was the license plate from farthest away and I’ll be darned if Heidi and Duane Petrowsky didn’t find a Yukon Territories’ motorcycle plate so the Wolter/Hammill team was second.  
 We danced a bit to the calling of Joe Lewis, circa 1960, on an old vinyl record. The dancers spent most of their time trying to keep up and keep from laughing so hard they couldn’t dance.  In the kitchen we had the “Bling Fling” setup for all the new Hoedowner gear.
 What a wonderful, relaxed getaway that allowed everyone a chance to build friendships, goof off, nap and make memories.
 Yvonne Clendenin had hip surgery on April 25th and Daryl reports she’s on the mend!
 June 10th is our annual Strawberry Dance, a celebration of all that is Oregon strawberries.  It should be peak season and all the California strawberries better stay away!
  Krystal Laas
