April 14th, a dance to remember!  It was R Square D’s 64th ANNIVERSARY DANCE, and what a dance it was.  We definitely had a full house.  Many clubs were represented; Hoedowners, Hayshakers, Cougar Squares, Eager Beavers, Harbor Haylofters, Salty Sashayers, Ruff and Ruffles, Columbia River Dancers, Happy Hoppers, Prairie Steppers, Toe Draggers and our own R Square D.  The floor was full with as many as 8 squares on it most of the night.  The Catlin hall was all decorated up, Anniversary cake and ice cream was served at break time.  Thanks to all who came to help us celebrate the many years of the fellowship of dance. 
 April 17th we had our Club meeting, hosted by John and Chris Poole. Thank you John and Chris.
 R square D went dark for the dance on the 22nd, as many of our dancers headed east to enjoy a great weekend in Moxee for the Spring Sashay.  There were 17 squares attending.  One of those squares was R Square D!!  
 Come and join us as we dance the summer away.  Starting in June and continuing through August we dance on 2nd and 4th Wednesdays.  During the summer months casual attire is OK if not advisable.  Please see our summer schedule below:
 Note: We are DARK Saturday, May 27th (Memorial Day Weekend).  
 Wednesday, June 14th, Strawberries & Ice Cream Dance (Casual); Thursday - Saturday, June 15th-17th, Washington State Festival in Spokane;  Wednesday, June 28th, Take Me Out To The Ballgame (Casual);  Wednesday, July 12th,  Denim Dance (Casual /Sundaes) (Guest Caller Harvey Hunsucker);  Wednesday, July 26th,  Hot Summer Night (Casual/Root Beer Floats) (Guest Caller Mike Stout);  Wednesday, August 9th, Hawaiian Dance (Casual/Ice Cream Sundaes);  Wednesday, August 23rd, BACK TO SCHOOL (Casual/Bring Supplies).  Plus & Intermediate Rounds 7:00 - 8:00 PM Mainstream & Rounds 8:00 - 10:00 PM at the Kelso Senior Center 106 NW 8th Avenue, Kelso, WA.  Info: 360-431-7553 (Vic).  It’s going to be an exciting summer!
  Our lessons continue on Wednesday nights at 6:30.  New Beginner Lessons will start again in the fall on October 18th with Craig Abercrombie teaching. 
 For more information about us please visit our website at www.r-square-d.info or friend us on Facebook.  Our Caller for R Square D is Craig Abercrombie and our cuer is Lonnie Sycks.  
  Marie Geisler 
