Hope your dancing days have been filled with fun, new friends and making memories with our wonderful square dance world.  The Toes have been doing that.  Our Easter Bonnet and Ducky Dances were full of great surprises and so much fun.  There’s never a dull moment around the Kinton Grange.  KC and Linda led us on our Mystery Trip with visiting Fort Vancouver with a dance or two on the grounds.  Then we toured the facilities, learning lots about the early history of the area.  We were then guided to the Hazel Dell Grange.  Linda prepared yummy taco salads for us at the hall with a game or two of bunco before the dance started.  She has the best ideas for a fun time.  We ended the evening dancing with the Columbia River Dancers.  A great evening, it was!!!!  Then for another surprise for the Toes was a quick visit from Bev and Harlan Flint to say hello after their surgeries and showing us they are both making great recoveries.  
 June has been busy for the club.  New officers have been elected.  Dan Damon President, Loretta Flint/Kathy Roberts splitting the Vice Pres. job, Pat Olson Secretary, Bruce Plunkett Treasurer, and Diana and Tom Gray taking the TVC delegate jobs for another year.  Thanks to all of you for helping our club create another year of great square dancing.  They will be taking office in early June.
 June 2nd is our Sadie Hawkins Dance with an ice cream social.  I love to see the costumes everyone comes dressed in to square dance.  It sure brings smiles and good memories.  June 16th is our regular dance.  Both of these dances will be helping us to bring in summer with a bang.  
 We are hoping to see you all at our July 7th dance helping us to celebrate KC’s birthday.  Join us before the dance for our famous BBQ and pot luck dinner.  Then we’ll be getting ready to dance with KC and the Wildcards on July 13th for the Trails End Dance down in Salem to start off Summer Festival.  There is always something to look forward to with square dancing.
  Pat Olson
