July was quite a festive month!! We had a wonderful dance with national caller Bronc Wise & cuer Rikki Lobato. Smiles were abundant, which always a joy to see, and truly the point of square dancing.

Our Fast Track/Accelerated mainstream class is moving quickly and they will have a special dance/graduation on Tuesday, July 31st. Chuck Simpkins will call; and Rikki Lobato will cue some rounds as well. Fun starts at 7pm.

We stole a banner from the Stars on July 14th. Bittersweet dance, as this was the last time Wayne Weaver will call a club dance!! Especially emotional when he sang "The Cowboy Rides Away" for the last tip!! We will miss Wayne, but know that will see him & Debbie every once in awhile!!!!

July 21st is our Southern Nites dance with Chuck & Rikki. This is our last regular dance until October. The Charlie's are dark for the fair in August. 
In September, we will not dance Labor Day weekend; and we are also dark to celebrate Circle N Squares birthday on September 15th in Yreka.  
Stay tuned for a dance in September on the Tuesday nite before classes start.

New classes will start on Thursday, September 6th at 630pm. We are looking forward to welcoming some enthusiastic new dancers!!!

We are all excited for Diamond Lake Festival July 25-28th with the always wonderful Hunter Keller & MaryAnn Callahan!!! Going to be a wonderful time.

We have some great dances coming up during the rest of the year!! October has Chuck Simpkins & Sarge Glidewell; then we are dark Potato Festival Weekend.  
November has J Domis & Bob Dingman as well as Mike Sikorsky & Steve Murphy. 
Be sure to mark Dec 1st on your calendar - this is our 51st birthday dance and we have Michael Kellogg & MaryAnn Callahan as our wonderful caller & cuer!!!!  
Special treat to dance to both. They are also doing Summer Festival in July in Salem; so you get a sneak peek at their fabulous talent!!!  
Our last dance of the year will be with Phil Ramey & Elaine Funk. Lots of fun dances at the Charlie Browns; as well as many festivals and area dances to attend in between!!

Happy dancing & See You In A Square!!!!