How can it be that summer is leaving and fall is coming?  The out-of-control green growth of summer is slowing down and that may be a good thing as I can not keep up with the yard and garden.  
 June moved quickly and our new officers are keeping us in line as best they can.  In case you wondered our new officers are as follows: Chief Dam Builder - Karen and Ferrous Steinka, Assistant Dam Builder - Sally and Mike Duyck, Gnawer - Marie Clem, Log Thumper - Judy Martin, and TVC Delegate - Ken Marifke.  Dave Pebworth conducted the installation thanking the old officers and reminding the new officers of their responsibilities.  Let us all give a “Thank you” to those who volunteer, spending their precious time to keep the club running smoothly.  A hug would help too. 
 Our annual picnic will be at Noble Woods Park in Hillsboro August 1st.  We relax, eat, play games, and even win prizes. This year we thank Marguerite Morin for organizing the picnic. 
 Do not forget the Hahn Barn Dance August 12th.  Making this event even better is the picnic by the pond before the dance.  Our members who have been part of the Barn Cleaning Crew have been blessing the Boy Scouts who are cleaning the barn this year.  Just be happy if you have never cleaned a barn.  
 At least five of our members attended Nationals in Nashville among the seventeen other Oregonians, most of whom were from TVC.  They reported meeting a wonderful bunch of people from around the country and some good dancing.  Nationals will be near by in Spokane in 2020 so you can start planning now to attend.
 Even if you work on Mondays, you can join us once in a while; we dance every Monday, even on holidays except Christmas and New Years.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  We dance from 1:00 to 3:00 pm at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.
 Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club
  Rachel Nettleton
