Hoppers are on the move!  We will soon be in our new home.  However, before we get there, we are having another free dance so we can check out a potential new hall.  That’s right!  Monday, July 30th, Hoppers are sponsoring a free dance staring at 7:30 at the Washington Grange located at 7701 NE Ward Road, Vancouver, WA.  It will be a combination plus and mainstream dance called and cued by our own Jim Hattrick.  Everyone is welcome to attend.  So if you are curious about where we might start our dance year in September, come and enjoy this opportunity to be with friends and try out a new dance location.  The grange is an air conditioned building, so no matter what the weather is we should all be comfortable.  Once we have tried out this hall, we will make a decision about our next location.  We are confident that starting in September we’ll be back with renewed enthusiasm in our new home, and we will be ready to welcome all of our square dancing friends to our new facility.  We’ll keep you posted about the new location as soon as the final decision is made.

	The first Sunday in August we will get together at the Oja farm for our annual club picnic. The farm is a perfect place to gather, share a meal and spend time visiting with our Hopper friends.  It’s always a very well attended gathering.  Our two well trained BBQ cooks, Don Oja and Randy Amundson, do a terrific job of keeping the hamburgers and hot dogs hopping off the grill and onto hungry Hoppers’ plates.  Tasty side dishes, salads, and desserts provided by members round out the meal, and everyone goes home with a full tummy.

	When we resume dancing in September, we anticipate experiencing the same activities that have become important to our club members:  dining out once a month, angeling new students in the mainstream and plus levels, visiting other clubs and dancing together with all of our square dance friends.  We will just be welcoming our members and square dance community friends in a new location.  

 Jean Tolstrup
