Greetings from Yreka.

As we get close to year's end, we want to wish all of our square dance friends a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. We hope that next year will be the best you have ever had.

This past year we had our ups and downs, personally and as a club. Like many, we were on hold due to the pandemic and everything associated with it. We had hopes of starting a new dancer class and using the SSD program, but again due to the restrictions of the pandemic locally, statewide, nationally and dancers who were reluctant to get out socially we were not able to start classes. While we {Sherrie & I} have had our Covid vaccine, the booster, also our Flu, and Pneumonia shots we understand and respect people who choose to not get any of them and choose to not come out and dance and socialize. We were able to have our "Pepsi Booth" at the county fair, this is always a lot of work but also a lot of fun. Once again we want to thank all of the people who braved the heat and volunteered to help make it a success. We also want to thank Elaine for agreeing to be our council rep. She kept us informed on what is happening with the council and other necessary news. She has agreed to be our rep again next year. It has also been an extra treat to visit with and share memories with her since we've known each other for over 50 years. Sherrie and I only attended two dances this past year, and they were both fantastic, it was great to get out and kick up our heels and connect with friends. On another note because we only attended two dances, {mainly due to my work schedules} I have not called in almost two years, so when I get back into it, I will be like many dancers and will need to take it slow. As we look forward to next year, we hope to try new dancer classes again. We are also planning to have party nights and dances, ALL of these at least for a while, will be SSD, Mainstream, and some Plus, and NO Advanced. {Unless we have a guest caller} We don't have a start date yet. As always this will hinge on the Karuk Tribe and their restrictions and requirements. As I said in my last post once we start getting into the full swing of dancing all of our dances will probably be held at the Karuk Wellness Center. Once again, a big thank you to everyone who helped at the fair and Elaine for all she does for us. We want to wish everyone a very Merry Christmas and the Happiest of New Year.

Hope to see you soon please stay healthy and safe. Take care of yourself and those close to you. Remember that life is a precious gift.

Dean & Sherrie