 November is really the kick-off of the holiday season.  I generally start by opening my recipe box.  Yes, I still have a box of dog eared, stained recipe cards.  I have not always attributed the recipes to the friends, relatives or magazines that shared the information.  I wish I had.  A few I know for certain but, who remembers who first brought that fabulous cheese bread to the softball picnics?  Some of the relative recipes are for dishes I don’t make but can’t bear to part with the card like Aunt Eunice’s Zucchini Pickles.  Do I have any recipes from my Norwegian Grandmother Julia?  No, she died when my mom was eight, but I do have the Lutefisk and Lefse recipes that my mom collected, recreating her childhood.  My grandfather was a great bread maker but never followed a recipe just “knew” when the dough was right.  These days, “almost” homemade food is readily available, but my granddaughters wait for our Dough Dogs the day we get a Christmas tree, cake donuts on Labor Day weekend, and brightly colored, hand formed popcorn balls on Christmas Eve.  It’s all about revisiting treasured memories and creating new ones.
 Now, I have great memories of past Hoedowner dances.  Who can forget Sally Duyck, wearing a leotard, swinging from the rafters at our Circus Dance or Sally, at one of our Western Dances, sitting on the back of an upright piano in her dance hall outfit while Donnie Laas pounded out boogie woogie tunes?  We’ve had memorable anniversary and pirate dances, dressed in pajamas and black and white, revisited the 60’s and our school days and had a great time doing it.  We’ve found that crazy produces fun, excitement and those all-important memories.  I’m excited for 2022!
 The new memories we’re making: on November 11th, we had our annual Turkey Toss Dance.  Have you ever tossed a frozen turkey?  Of course not, but the bean bags of a corn hole game substitute perfectly!  We sent lots of frozen fowl home with lucky dancers and one with our caller, K.C. Curtis.  Connie Clark was our cuer that evening with Terry Halley and Beth being our guest caller and cuer.  On the 27th of November, we danced to Daryl Kalmbach and Connie Clark.  We had anticipated keeping dancers posted on the Civil War, pardon me, rivalry game scores throughout the evening.  Lo and behold the game was played in the afternoon and was over before the dance began.  Ducks won 38 to 29. Accuracy counts, even if it’s just one point.
 As I look ahead, I’m peering into 2022.  What do I see?  I see dancing on January 8th with Scott Zinser and Randy Dibble.  On January 23rd we’re counting on our cuer, Randy Lewis, being fully recovered from Covid 19 and cueing both dances.  Of course, the red ribbons for Mid-Winter, January 28-29 are appearing on badges, and we have room reservations in Albany so we’re ready to go.  Hope to see you there.
  Krystal Laas
