 The November TVC meeting was held via Zoom.  We discussed the five upcoming 2022 Council dances, 3 fifth Saturdays, NYE and the annual Hahn Barn Dance.  No firm information on themes at this time.  Date for the Hahn Barn Dance has not been determined.  It was voted to not require vaccinations at the 2021 NYE dance.  We will continue the Zoom meetings through at least December.  The search for a new venue for our in person meetings is ongoing.
 Since the OFN is published around the 20th of December, you still have time to plan on the TVC's annual New Years Eve dance at the Hillsboro IOOF Hall.  This dance features Darrell Kalmbach & KC Curtis calling with Tami Helms & Julie Stiers cueing.  Beginning with rounds at 7:00 the dance will continue with squares at 7:30 until 10pm.  Every third tip will be plus with a celebration break at 9pm coincident with New York time.  Masks and/or face shields are required. 
 The next Council event in January will be our annual TVC Presidents Meeting & Potluck to honor current and past club Presidents.  It will be held at the IOOF Hall, 267 East Main Street, Hillsboro, OR 97123 on January 31st.  The evening will begin at 6:00 with a meeting at 7:00.  All TVC club Presidents & dancers are invited to join us. The TVC wishes to thank all the presidents of the TVC Clubs for volunteering their time and efforts into this activity we all love.  Also at this meeting the presentation of the Tualatin Valley Council “2021 Recognition Award” for outstanding service and special contribution to the square dance community within the TVC geographical area. 
 A message form TVC President, Mike St.Clair: "It's the beginning of a New Year and things are looking a lot better.  By now we will have had our first TVC dance, the first one in two years, Yahoo!!  We will be working on further dances and will have more info coming.  The one thing that I really want to make happen this year is our TVC  Recognition Award so put that on your calendar. This is to honor a person or persons that have gone above and beyond for square and round dance clubs.  We will follow the current mandate from the Governor.  This means if masks are required that is what we will do.  At this time we are not going to require proof of vaccination.  We missed out on this award in 2020 so I have contacted the board of midwinter and got an ok to present that award at midwinter.  Please help me make this a significant event on both occasions.  Those honored have worked hard to ensure that we can have fun and dance with our friends.  Hope to see you on the dance floor."
  Ferrous Steinka
