The Valley River Dancers dance Plus on 2nd Fridays beginning with Pre-Rounds at 7:30 p.m., and Mainstream on 4th Fridays beginning with pre-Plus at 7:30 p.m., in Newberg at the Chehalem Community Center, 501 Second St.  Randy Dibble is our Caller, Leonard Snodgrass is our Cuer.

Judy Zimmerman has been our OFN Reporter for the past couple of years and has done a sensational job of keeping you informed on what is happening with the Valley River Dancers.  Thanks so much Judy! 

Our Beginning Waltz lessons, taught by Leonard Snodgrass on Tuesdays at 6:30-8 p.m. at the Chehalem Community Center continue.  If you have completed beginning waltz classes before and want to come for a refresher you are welcome to join us wherever we are in the program.  We have plenty of room.  Cost is $6.  If you have not gone through phase II waltz lessons previously, however, the class is closed at this point.

Our Advanced workshop continues on Tuesday evenings at the Chehalem Community Center, 8-9:30 p.m., called by Randy Dibble.  The workshop is open to all dancers who dance ‘A,’ cost is $8.

During the month of July we have our special dance we want to invite you to attend.  We call it “Dancing Under the Stars” and this annual semi-casual gala happens on our 4th Friday dance night.  We move our venue outside to the tennis courts just south of Chehalem Community Center on 6th and Howard Streets.  On stage will be Darrell Kalmbach calling Mainstream with a half hour of Pre-Plus beginning at 7:30 p.m., and Leonard Snodgrass cueing a mix of intermediates and easy rounds. Ground tires are sprinkled on the concrete to make it easier to dance on, so we recommend you wear tennis shoes or shoes you don’t mind getting dirty.  We have a flyer posted, and ask you please watch for a possible update on venue.  C’mon out to Newberg July 22nd for this lively outdoor dance.

IMPORTANT NOTE -- the "Dancing Under the Stars" dance has had to move to the Les Schwab Tire Center in Newberg.

Our 5th Saturday Advanced dance, July 30th, is cancelled.  

We do not go dark in the summer, so come join us for some fun dancing.  We seem to have a few more male dancers than some other clubs I’ve noticed, so if you do not have a partner, not to worry, please come!

Since we are working on our website and it's not yet resolved, for Information contact Steve Zimmerman by email at: popofcdbm@gmail.com 

Josie Rosenburg