The January Class graduated June 18th!! What an energetic and wonderful group of dancers!!!  We are excited to welcome them into the dance community – and look forward to having them join the club. Our Square Dance 101 on Thursdays Is going great and we consistently have 4 squares of dancers learning and angeling!

We will start Mainstream FunShops at 630pm on June 25th. Plus FunShops will follow at 8pm.  These will go thru July. See the flyer!

Our June dances were lots of fun. June 1st we welcomed guest caller Michael Kious. He called a wonderful dance; though low in numbers, it was high in FUN!  Rikki did the rounds and it was a great evening. Delicious Strawberry Shortcake rounded out the night! June 15th was an absolutely amazing night!! 3 national callers (Don Wood(WA), Charlie Robertson(OK) & Matt Worley(VA)) rocked the hall all nite starting with Advanced. They were absolutely fabulous.  There were a lot of local dancers that didn’t attend the dance; and boy did they miss out!!! We had 5 great squares of fun and the boys were just fabulous. Rikki cued – and it was great to see a lot of round dancers on the floor. We had guests from as far away as New Hampshire join us!!! Such fun!  Thank you to Buckeroo’s for going dark to attend the dance as well as Circle N Square. Several Charlie’s followed the callers up to Roseburg & Springfield and got to enjoy Ray & Nicolas Brendzy join the 3 other callers, as well as Marie Wood on rounds.

July 6th brings guest caller Darrell Kalmbach from Portland for squares and Sarge Glidewell on rounds. This is our Dance Explosion and should be a great nite of fun. 7pm Pre Rounds and 730 for Mainstream w/Plus tips.  July 20th is Summer Festival weekend, but for those that won’t be attending, we have a Mainstream/Plus dance with Chuck Simpkins & Elaine Funk. Kick up your heels & put your best foot forward and just dance.  See flyers for both dances!

We are still coming down from an absolutely AMAZING Boatnik Festival with Joe Saltel & TJ Chadd  - what a great weekend!!!  We are planning for another great event in 2020 with Bronc Wise & Peter Gomez. Ribbons are available!!!

Stay cool and enjoy all that dancing offers!!!