	It’s hard to believe, but another dance year is almost over for the Hoppers!  Or, is it really over?  Normally the Hoppers go dark for the summer.  However, this year the club will hold two summer dances:  one on July 20th and one on August 17th.  We now have an air conditioned hall, and we have an excited group of new dancers.  To encourage them to keep their new skills by dancing through the summer we are planning two special dances at the mainstream level rather than our club’s plus level. Plus will be offered from 7:30 to 8:00 and mainstream from 8:00 to 9:30.  We are hopeful that in addition to providing all new mainstream dancers a place to practice their skills, it will also offer an opportunity for all square dancers to have a place to dance during the summer.

	In addition to providing square dance opportunities, we are trying to engage our students with Hopper activities.  For instance, we have invited them to our monthly dine-outs, and have been pleased to find some of them attending.  August will provide another opportunity for our new dancers to participate in a club activity when we get together for our club picnic at Don and Joanne Oja’s farm.  It is always a well-attended event in a perfect setting for getting together with friends.  By engaging students in club activities, we hope to encourage them to feel a part of our group thereby developing a desire to continue dancing and to become club members once their lessons are over.

	Finally, if you were at Portland’s Starlight Parade on June 1st, you may have noticed the float sponsored by the Happy Hoppers and the Country Cut-Ups.  Some of our new members participated that night and had a great time.  At lessons the following Monday night there was a good amount of storytelling and laughter about the time they spent at the parade.  Even though it was a normal Hopper dance night, some of our members chose to promote square dancing by decorating the float, dancing on the float, and in general having a great time letting parade observers know that square dancers know how to have fun.  Special thanks to Danny Williamson who drove the truck pulling the float, Mark Wheeler who did a great Elvis act while calling, and all the Hoppers and Country Cut-Ups who gave up a dance night to make sure there was a square dance presence at the Starlight Parade.

Jean Tolstrup