 It was an amazing May for the Hoedowners, such variety.  On Wednesday, May 8th a group of Hoedowners met for dinner then enjoyed the movie True Grit with John Wayne on the big screen at a Beaverton theater.  No better way to refresh one’s western roots and music than to spend two hours watching that movie unfold.  Rooster Cogburn was the hero, as we all expected, with the quintessential example of western bravery and swagger we’ve come to associate with the character. 
 May 11th saw Hoedowners walking the streets of Aloha doing our semi-annual road clean up.  It was a brilliant lovely day, a fun loving bunch and we left Aloha better for it.  There is something about a reflective vest and a debris picker upper that makes for a bit of hilarity and a great time.
 The 11th was also our Fiesta Dance; fun decorations (thanks, Debbie) and a fabulous taco bar.  It was the first opportunity for Daryl to use the new Aloha Grange speakers.  I later saw someone (Daryl) taking a siesta.  Don’t know if the two are related.  No one took home the cash from the Spin the Wheel but the Taco Bar was a big winner.  A multitude of choices for the do it yourselfer; corn or flour tortillas, soft or crispy, beef or pork, cheddar or Mexican cheese, hot sauce or just the medium.  It was a fabulous and popular menu.
 May 25th was our Red, White and Blue Dance in observance of the Memorial Day weekend.  Mike and Sally decorated.  Thanks to all our guests for making this annual evening a success.
We received news that Yvonne Clendenin had fallen and hurt her shoulder and Pat Wolter is having foot problems.  We all wish them well.  
 The Hoedowners’ commitment to improving the Aloha Grange ballroom has been amazing.  In the past six weeks this small group has completed a number of improvements including, exterior lighting, new colors, etc.  It should be wrapped up by the end of June and we’re going to blow you away.
 Looking ahead to July, YIKES!  We’ll welcome the hotter weather with a Hawaiian Luau Dance on July 13th; floral shirts, sandals, flowers in the hair.  I look forward to it and the Aloha Grange’s air conditioning will keep those tropical breezes blowing.
 On July 27th we’ll do a trip to the soda fountain for our Root Beer Float Dance.  The question always is; which goes in the glass first, the ice cream or root beer?  Come and find out what we think is the best method.
  Krystal Laas