The Valley River Dancers dance Plus on 2nd Fridays, and Mainstream on 4th Fridays in Newberg at the Chehalem Community Center, located on the corner of 2nd and Howard Streets.  We dance ‘A’ on 5th Saturdays at the Woodburn Senior Estates Community Club.  Randy Dibble is our Caller.  Ken Pratt cues 2nd Friday; Sherri Clark cues 4th Friday. https://www.valleyriverdancers.org
 A round dance workshop continues preceding our 2nd Friday dance, led by Ken and Dianne Pratt, beginning at 6:30 pm. Come work on your round dancing moves with us.
 We congratulate the three new mainstream students who just completed graduation from Randy Dibble’s class, and we look forward to seeing these energetic new dancers across a square. 
 It’s finally time for our outdoor dance, “Dance Under the Stars!”  (Look for our flyer.)  This special dance will be held Friday, July 26th in the tennis courts next to the Old Fashioned Festival carnival on 6th and Howard Streets in Newberg.  On stage will be Randy Dibble calling Mainstream with a half hour of Pre-Plus beginning at 7:30 p.m., and Ken Pratt cueing a mix of intermediates and easy rounds.  Ground tires are spread on the concrete to make it easier to dance on, but don’t wear your best dancing shoes this time.  The Valley River Dancers got involved with the Old Fashioned Festival years ago.  It’s a darling small town festival in Newberg with everything you want in a weekend; breakfast in the park, carnival rides with food and handicraft vendors, car show, live entertainment, awesome fireworks, even an old-fashioned hymn sing-a-long in the park, (and lots more).  A traditional square dance is right in line with the many activities.  Bring your sweetheart and dance the night away with us under the stars.  
 Saturday morning, July 27th, the Valley River Dancers will participate in the Newberg festival parade with Randy Dibble calling.  The theme for the 2019 Old Fashioned Days is “Dancing in the Streets, ” and we are going to do just that!!
 We do not go dark in the summer, so come join us for some fun dancing.  We are blessed with an abundance of male dancers—more so than other clubs I’ve noticed, so if you don’t have a partner, not to worry, please come!
  Josie Rosenbury