It doesn’t feel like summer should be over, yet lessons are just around the corner.

While Summer Festival was in full swing at the Blanchet School in Salem, the Chaps and Petticoats were working hard at their annual lesson fundraiser/food booth: serving Elephant Ears and Specialty Drinks at the Hubbard Hop Festival July 20th.  We heard about the fun times in Salem - I was hoping to be the winner of the  “We-Are-One” Council Quilt, though only in my dreams.  The Chaps were successful however, our profits were higher this year than any other year.  Much thanks to our fundraiser organizers:  Vicki, the Sanfords, and the Femrites and our many returning customers.  

Several of us Chaps will be having a dancing-in-the-surf Labor Day weekend (August 30-Sept. 2nd) on the coast at Port Orford enjoying the Beachcomber’s hospitality and literally helping them “raise the roof” of their building after coastal storms created their havoc.  A uniqueness to this facility is the plywood windows which get braced open to let the air in during the dancing - all weekend long.  

It truly is a friendship and fellowship weekend which begins with Friday’s BBQ and dance, and activities throughout Saturday include:  Surf Dance at 10am, the Men’s pie-baking contest at 2pm, potlucks shared at 6pm and the Men’s pies are enjoyed with Ice Cream.  Come Sunday a sit-down breakfast is served, the chili/soup/chowder cookoff is 6pm, and oh-the-dancing is all weekend long!   You just have to experience it yourself and dance till you drop!

The Chaps and Petticoats will open their new dance season (which precedes the State Meeting) with a Trail’s End Dance on September 6th (see our Flyer) - we welcome all dancers from the ten (10) Councils throughout Oregon.  The Maplewood Grange field will be open to RV dry-campers beginning Sept. 6th. 

Are you ready to meet the Federation executive board September 7th?  The Portland Area Council (PAC) will host the State Dance and Meeting at the Maplewood Grange in Aurora September 7-8.  PAC looks forward to serving a potluck feast Saturday at 5:45-6:45pm, followed by Rounds at 7pm and Mainstream (with Plus too) at 7:15-10:15pm (see STATE Flyer for the weekend schedule).  The featured Caller/Cuer for the weekend will be Scott Zinser and Dave Cooper.  The Federation executive board meeting is Sunday, September 8th (begins 9:00am) - all are welcome to attend.

Chaps and Petticoats will offer two (2) lessons starting September 15th (see our  lesson Flyers):  Cha-Cha with Instructor Connie Clark (4:00-5:30pm) and Mainstream (6-8pm) taught by Scott Zinser.  Our Sept. 15th and Sept. 22nd Mainstream lessons are introductory and free, so bring a friend - and as always, we appreciate our Angels help - Angels dance for free.

Our third Friday dance, September 20th, is a special evening for the Chaps and Petticoats.  Our Caller will be Ian Craig and we showcase our local youth Cuer, Julia Buchheit - come cheer her on!

Happy Feet!
Betty Chipps