The Charlie’s have been dark for the month of August, however we have been busy with other dances and preparing for new classes starting in September!!  We danced at the Josephine County Fair 2x and had a booth at the fair to promote dancing. Lots of fun, as always!

A big change for the club – the club voted to hire Chuck Simpkins as our club caller. He will be calling 50-60% of our dances, as well as continuing to be our instructor. We will still have guest callers throughout the year; but wish to congratulate and thank Chuck for agreeing to be our club caller.

Classes start soon!! Tuesday will be a Mainstream FunShop from 630-8pm. A new Plus class will follow from 8-9:30pm.  September 3rd will be a “Bust The Rust” Dance/Workshop to get ready for classes and will be both Mainstream and Plus dancing, called by Chuck. Mainstream FunShops and Plus classes will continue every Tuesday.  On Thursday, September 5th, we will welcome new students and angels for our beginner classes!  The 1st 3 classes(5th, 12th & 19th) are open to new dancers and the dancers 1st class is free; and $6 for each class after that. Classes start at 6:30pm. As always, we welcome and encourage angels to come help the new dancers, which only improves their skills as well!

We will only have 1 dance in September. On September 7th, Phil Ramey will call and Sarge Glidewell will cue our “Dance For Smiles.”  Should be lots of fun and a chance to get back into the swing of things. Pre Rounds are at 7pm. MS/Plus squares start at 730 and we dance until 10pm.  We are dark on September 21st to help Circle N Square celebrate their 65th birthday in Yreka!! What a great dance it will be with Eric Henerlau calling!! Rikki Lobato will be cueing rounds; and the dance kicks off with Advanced from 6-730pm. Pre Rounds at 730pm and squares start at 8pm. See you there!!! I hope that the Charlie’s who are attending the wonderful Rogue Valley Rendezvous in Medford will be sure and take Saturday nite to drive down to Yreka and support one of our councils’ clubs!  Going to be a great weekend all-around!

We are also busy planning for our birthday dance on Dec 7th – with Michael Haworth and Rikki Lobato – will be a great time. Another treat this year is the chance to dance to Mike Sikorsky in November. Look for flyers!! 

Wow, for a “dark” month – there was sure a lot to do and get ready for!!

Looking forward to seeing everyone in a square soon!!