July came and went too quickly.  What happened?  I may have missed it because of the naps on those hot July afternoons. 
 How about having Christmas in July?  Santa did not come down the chimney and deliver presents but Jim Hattrick made up for it by wearing a jacket with all the decorations you see on Christmas cards. The air conditioning seemed to be struggling so the cool winter time music helped us think cool.  Most joined in the festivities by wearing holiday themed outfit. We even tried something new for us - dancing in a hexagon instead of a square.  Most of us caught on pretty well and I might even try it again because it does work your brain.  
 NOTICE : On Labor Day, September 2nd,  we will be dancing at the Aloha Grange located at SW 185th and TV Highway. Cookie Day meeting will be Monday, September 9th, at Sunset Presbyterian Church.   If you are going to the State Fair on Labor Day look for Mainstream dancing exhibit. 
 All are encouraged to attend Anniversary Dances to keep the spirit of Square Dancing alive and well.  This month Wave Steppers celebrates September 14th, on the 21st Toe Draggers, and the Tri Squares on the 27th. They will appreciate your support. 
 Speaking of new clubs there is one to visit on Monday evenings in Oak Hills located off  Hwy. 26 at Cornell Rd. They have joined the TVC/  Plan to visit the Oak Hills Squares and welcome the new kids on the block. 
 Planning the TVC New Year’s Dance is underway by the hosts, Eager Beavers and Sunset Promenaders.  The colors this year are black, silver, and red so you can start thinking about which party outfit you will wear.  
 We dance on most holidays. Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, 1:00 p.m. - 3:00, at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Portland.  Please check for up to date information at www.EagerBeavers.info.
  Rachel Nettleton