Portland Area Council invites you to our 5th-Friday dance on AUGUST 30th featuring Caller/Cuer:  Daryl Clendenin and Sherri Clark.  The evening opens, at the Oak Grove Community Center, with Pre-Rounds at 7:30pm, MS at 8:00pm and PLUS every 3rd Tip.  We look forward to seeing you!

Have you met the Oregon Federation Officers that were announced at the May 2019 State Meeting?  

The State Officers, Ten (10) Councils Representatives and other State Committee Chairs (a total of 33 members) meet four (4) times a year to communicate business and keep the Oregon Federation of Square and Round Dance Clubs (OFSRDC) functional.  

Save the date of Saturday, SEPTEMBER 7th (potluck/dance) and Sunday (Meeting),  SEPTEMBER 8th, 2019 - you will get the chance to meet, have dinner and dance with possibly all 33 of these members and many other dancers from the 10 Councils throughout Oregon.  That’s when the Portland-Area Council (PAC) will host the Oregon Federation State events at the Maplewood Grange in Aurora, Oregon (off I-5, Exit 278) … see Flyer for times and RV dry-camping information.  

It truly is an entire weekend of events.  Why?  Preceding the State events, on Friday, September 6th, will be a “Trails End Dance” held at Maplewood Grange and hosted by the Chaps and Petticoats.  The Caller and Cuer, for the entire weekend, will be Scott Zinser and Dave Cooper, respectively.
Hosting will be a lot of work for the Portland-Area Council (PAC) - we truly need all PAC Clubs to help make the September 7th-8th events come together smoothly and show our State Federation officials an enjoyable time and our expression of gratitude!   Our work starts with the Potluck provided by PAC on Saturday - so please contact your Club Representative and ask how you can help.  

Oh, remember there are two dance evenings:  Sept. 6th and Sept.7th.  IF you have never attended a State Meeting, come Sunday, Sept. 8th (begins 9:00AM) - all are welcome to attend.

Betty Chipps
PAC State Delegate