“Dance Under the Stars” special dance, July 22nd was a success.  Weather cooperated although by the end of the evening those who brought a sweater were glad they dressed in layers.  We had 4 squares dancing the entire evening.  There was an open break with a variety of snacks.  Perrin made some delicious chocolate fudge brownies and cookies, and the sliced watermelon and fruit really hit the spot.  We had several dancers visiting from the River City Dancers, Chaps and Petticoats, Sunset Promenaders, the Salem Swinging Stars and several independents with about 50 dancers in attendance.  The Les Schwab Tire Center was a good alternative location, but next year we most likely will be back at the tennis courts on 6th and Howard Streets next door to the Old Fashioned Festival.  Darrell Kalmbach was our awesome guest caller for the evening and our cuer Leonard Snodgrass put on a nice mix of rounds.  KC Curtis, Terry Halley and Randy Dibble each called a tip.  We had an especially nice split the pot of $56—the lucky winner was Egan.  As you can imagine there is a good deal more work involved with an outdoor venue. The Valley River Dancers appreciates and especially recognizes club members Dan and Perrin who coordinated the details of this fun event with limited VRD members available for this dance.  We want to thank some special friends of VRD who volunteered to help--Jonee and Jim, and Caroline and Rick and even others--who came early and stayed late to do whatever was needed.  Special thanks to Erin Kalmbach who was quick to pick up a broom to help us sweep up the ground tires!  Also Anthony Egan came early and stayed late volunteering to help with a variety of things including lights and other setup and lugging stacks of chairs and tables and the stage which were transported to and from the community center. We were blessed with a lot of help from the dancers,  Thank you everyone who came and helped make this a nice dance.  The crew at the end of the evening got an unexpected chuckle.  When complimenting one of our club members, Kevin, for his help in packing chairs back into the community center closet, he said as he was hurrying into the building with a load, that he was able to pack all those heavy chairs so effortlessly because… (wait for it)…  “I have been throwing a lot of chicken *!*!.”

A Waltz workshop continues through the first week of September as the new and refreshing dancers learn/review figures from Phase II and the most popular phase III cues you will hear in a phase II song.  Leonard Snodgrass instructing on Tuesdays 6:30-8 p.m. at the Chehalem Community Center.  Come waltz with us the first Tuesday in September for a good opportunity to polish skills in a casual atmosphere with others that are new to waltz.  Cost is $6.  Stay tuned for the upcoming round dance lesson schedule.

Our Advanced workshop on Tuesday evenings has been dark for the tail end of summer resuming September 13th at the Chehalem Community Center, 8-9:30 p.m., called by Randy Dibble.  Cost is $8.

Mainstream lessons, taught by Randy Dibble, begin Tuesday evenings, September 13th, 6:30-8 pm at the Chehalem Community Center.

We will be dancing in September on the 2nd and 4th Fridays.  We plan to be dark on our 4th Friday dance in October so our members can attend Seaside Sashay as Randy Dibble, our caller, will be one of the featured callers for the festival

Josie Rosenbury