The Charlie's are happy to be back to dancing in their own hall. We enjoyed traveling to various dances over the break, but it's nice to be home.

We had a Bust The Rust Dance on September 4th with Chuck & Rikki. Fun dance and a good way to prepare for classes that started on Thursday September 6th.
We had 11 new students the 1st week. We have one more open nite on Sept 20th. We had a very fun enthusiastic group start classes; and we look forward to them
continuing and learning with us!!  On Tuesday Sept 11th we started a new Plus class. Had a nice turnout and a fun group. We also have a steadfast group of Advanced dancers (and wanna be Advanced dancers) - we are continuing to dance by tape to get thru all the Advanced calls.  Special thanks to Richard for sharing his knowledge and stash of tapes!!  We welcome anyone who is already an advanced dancer to join us and get more floor time!  

The Charlie's were dark on the 15th to celebrate the Circle N Square 64th Birthday dance in Yreka. Dean Black and Rikki Lobato did a great job and it was a fun dance.  

Club Picnic is on Sunday Sept 23rd at 130pm at the Fairgrounds.  All dancers/clubs/friends/family are invited. Please bring a potuck item to share.
We are looking forward to gathering some knowledge on Dancer Retention with National Caller Eric Henerlau on Sept 22nd.  This is a free seminar and a topic that is definitely needed in the world of square dancing. 230-430 at the Charlie dance hall.  Don't miss it!  Eric will be calling the early Advanced at The Star Promenaders and it will be a great day full of dancing and learning with Eric and then continue the fun with the Stars Peace dance with Bob Dingman and Phil Ramey doing the honors!!

There is a 5th Saturday dance in Roseburg with Michael Kellogg and Rikki Lobato - hope to see many of you there - it's going to be a party for sure!! If you have never danced to Michael Kellogg - you are in for a treat! He will be the caller for the Charlie's 51st birthday dance in December (along with cuer MaryAnn Callahan) and also featured caller for Summer Festival in Salem next July!!

The next Charlie dance is our Mad Hatter's Dance October 6th with Chuck Simpkins and Sarge Glidewell. Please come out and support if you can!! Will be a fun nite. We will be dark to visit the Potato Festival in Klamath Falls on Oct 20th with Jim Steele & Dave Cooper. Will be lots of fun!!

Please be sure to visit our website at: www.charliebrownsquares.com  or Facebook @CharlieBrownSquares  for information on upcoming dances & events!!

Look forward to seeing everyone in a square soon!