Forty members and four guests brightened their day by attending our annual picnic on August 1st at Noble Woods Park.  Great food, friends, and a few games to exercise body and mind created a pleasurable afternoon.  Even the weather cooperated by not being in the nineties.  We had enough ambition to play one of our annual games, Board Baseball, as well as a few others.  Everyone can do it and is not too strenuous as it is done with bean bags and the bases are only ten feet apart.  After all that good food you really do not want to stress yourself. 
 Since The Crew is rarely seen these days the Eager Beaver made a visitation to The Crew Dance on August 5th at the Aloha Grange.  Dancers from all over have missed The Crew and showed up in force with seven squares on the floor most of the time and enough resting on the sideline to make another.  Many people were happy to see friends they hadn't seen in a while.  It was so wonderful to hear the boys again having the time of their lives.  Thanks, guys!
 This year we celebrate Columbus Day on October 8th.  Traditionally Columbus Day is October 12th, but lately even that has become questionable.  After all, Columbus never reached the mainland and others had reached these shores earlier. Also there were already a lot of people living on the islands who considered Columbus and his crew invaders.  History depends a lot on your perspective and who writes it.  As a reminder, since it is a Monday holiday for many people, it provides an opportunity for the employed to attend our dance. 
 We can be kids again and wear costumes October 31st just for fun and if somebody gets ambitious we might even have prizes.  Most of us think that is too far ahead to plan a lot.  
 Even if you work on Mondays, you can join us once in a while; we dance every Monday, even on holidays except Christmas and New Years.  Our three great callers (Jim Hattrick, Daryl Clendenin, and Darrell Kalmbach) keep us on our toes as each week, always seeming to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  We dance from 1:00 to 3:00 pm at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton.  Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club
  Rachel Nettleton
