The Oaky Doaks started September off with our “Back to School Dance” where we gathered donations of school supplies for the students at our neighbor, Oak Grove Elementary. During the break we gathered together to enjoy a sack lunch and socialize. On Labor Day, a few of the members joined in for some square dancing fun at the State Fair. Our second club dance found us once again saying good-bye to Caller Mike Halley and his wife Cuer Helen Halley as they made one last round before heading south. We closed out the month with a few of the members attending the Tri-council Dance hosted by the TVC.

Caller Bruce Lowther will be squaring us up and Cuer Judy Russell will round out our edges at our dance on the first Saturday in October. We will be starting a new format for dancing. Pre-rounds will start at 7:00 PM and go until 7:30. Mainstream with rounds will go from 7:30 PM to 9:30 PM. Break will be from 9:30 PM to 10:00 PM. If there are enough Plus dancers, a Plus tip will be done just before going to break.

Know someone interested in square dance and your club isn’t doing lesson? Has it been a while since you have done Plus dancing and would like a little refresher. Then come join the Oaky Doaks on Thursdays for Introductory Dance Sessions. Levels include Basic, Mainstream and Plus. You’ll be dancing a complete dance every week. Singles, couples and families welcome. No partner required. Best of all it can all be done in casual attire. Classes start at 7:00 PM and go until 9:00 PM. Cost is $6 for adults, under 18 $3 and family (4+) is $15. See our flier for additional information.

What would October be without a Halloween dance. On October 21st, the Oaky Doaks will be having our Halloween Dance with Caller Janienne Alexander and Cuer Molly Combs. Costumes will be admired but are not required. If you do choose to attend in costume, please keep it family friendly. Pre-rounds start at 7:00 PM, Mainstream with rounds starts at 7:30 PM to 9:30 PM with Break at 9:30 PM. A Plus round will be done before the break if there are enough dancers. 
Until month, be careful out there and we will see you across the square.

Gary – Visitation Committee
