Our dances in August were well attended with four squares on the floor for each one.  Dancing on the newly refinished floor (done in late July) was much easier than in previous years. Jim Hattrick called the second Friday in great style. Our 4th Friday dance was a special occasion. It was so good to see caller Les Seeley and his wife Paula with us once more. Now that he is retired to Arizona, we won’t get much of a chance to dance to his fun calling. Caller Renee Ruud joined him on the stage. The two voices combined were spectacular! And Jackie Gale was in top form cueing for both dances.

We are looking forward to a great dance this October with Jim Hattrick calling our second Friday dance as usual, and for our fourth Friday Halloween Bash (costumes encouraged but not required). We will have K C Curtis as caller and Jackie Gale cueing. Our Halloween dances are always a lot of fun.  We never know what costume our treasurer, Joy Pitts, will come up with next!

Just a note that combined club square dance lessons will begin on Sept. 26th. They will be in the ESDC in Hall A beginning at 7 pm. Sandy Harris will be the teacher for the three B-51 series of 10 week lessons. Those wanting to learn the rest of the square dance moves to become a mainstream dancer are encouraged to attend the 8:30 pm to 9 pm class as well as the earlier class. Practice, practice, practice, and bring friends.
Christina Corelli began round dance lessons on Monday, September 11th.  Beginning waltz started at 7:00 pm in the Emerald Empire Square Dance Center. Intermediates lessons began at 8:00 pm. The rhythm was determined the first evening.  If you two-step and waltz already please come.  We'll focus on the most frequently dances rhythms like cha cha, rumba, waltz, foxtrot, slow two-step, jive  and maybe mambo and bolero . Knowing two-step and waltz well makes for easier learning of the other rhythms. For intermediates, if you miss the first week or two, please come anyway and she will help you catch up. (Christina Corelli is licensed with ASCAP/BMI and Roundalab.)

Submitted by Gaynor Hintz & Shirley Marc