Well I'm back.  Hopefully this new computer will do all the things that I tell it do to and we will have a nice letter. Thank you Roberta for the nice letter last month.  It was nice to have a new touch and delightful info.
            Classes started with a bang last Thursday and we had a lively time. There were a good bunch of younger dancers and their parents. Lots of laughs and happy dancing.  Other clubs had their classes start also and I heard the numbers of new dancers was a nice start.  Hope to see all of you out to Angel with us and the Rogue Squares to earn Angel Points that will get you into our or their dances FREE!!!
            Went last night to the Birthday Dance in Yreka for the Circle and Squares.  We had three squares and many clubs and good prizes and plenty of balloons and tons and tons of fun. It is a fun to celebrate 63 years of being a square dance club.
            Our Classes will continue on Thursday nights and Wayne will start his A-1/A-2 Classes on the first Wednesday in October, that's the 4th, at 6PM. It will be followed by a Workshop at 7:30PM. Come on out and join in the fun of learning A Level Dancing.  You will laugh yourself silly...honest!!!
            It has not been set yet (to my knowledge), but the class will probably have a Halloween Party and surely will have a Thanksgiving Party.  And then there is Christmas and New Year's and Mid-Winter and our Birthday Dance and Pear Blossom and and and and Wow we are back to Diamond Lake!!! Sure can send a year hurrying by. Guess what I am trying to say is that there is a lot of busy hands needed to keep all of these activities shaking and baking and bringing in New Dancers and keeping the Current Dancers entertained.   So join us and help out.  There will be a clothing Sale in November and Work Parties inside and outside to maintain the hall we own and Decorating Parties to keep it seasonal and pretty.   Sometimes we throw in food to go with the fun of helping and sometimes we just get to work and enjoy the results.  Keep your ears and eyes open for times and dates as they become available.  Coming to the club meetings on the second Thursday at 6PM of each month will surely help keep you in the loop.  Since class follows this meeting it also lets you stay to Angel and earn Points.  We sure would like to see you join us.  Kinda a Welcome to our Organization.
            The New Year’s Eve Dance will be on New Year's Eve with “New Year's” going down with the Time's Square Ball at 9PM Oregon time.  Plan to be there we always have a good time.  Wayne Weaver will be Calling and Bob Dingman will be cuing and this Dance is aimed at all Dancers.  See you there!!
            Also of interest they have started the road work on Table Rock so please be prepared for construction and road signs and stuff as you are coming in and out of our hall.  So far there is no known plan to obscure our gate so there should be no closure of our activities due to this work.  It will make the road wider and introduce sidewalks and add a traffic lite at Airport....so it will be to our betterment.  It will also make it easy and convenient to get in and out of the new Costco just up the street.
            Don't miss out on the Birthday/Anniversary party at our Mainstream Dance on October 14th. The Cake is a surprise and the Ice Cream is always delicious.
            I probable forgot a bunch of things that I needed to tell you...so come to a meeting or a class or a dance and you will surely hear all that I missed.