The Swinging Mountaineers with help from many of the other Central Oregon dance clubs have just finished another successful Sisters Rodeo event. 50 dancers staffed two concession booths during this dusty, rowdy and super fun four-day event held the second weekend of June. This long-time fundraiser benefits all the clubs who participate.  

Event chair Lonnie Waak explained that the Rodeo Association contracts with the Swinging Mountaineers to staff the booths, and in return the club receives 20% of the sales which is then split amongst the participating clubs based on the number of volunteers working.  The amount of sales can vary widely from year to year with weather being a big factor.  This year the warm weather had rodeo fans lining up to buy endless bottles of water in addition to juicy hot dogs, nachos, fries and Kobe burgers. Although the club won't know how much money was raised until later this summer, last year's share of sales totaled approximately $6,000--a giant help in covering a year of dance expenses.

Perks for dancers who work at the rodeo include free food during their shift and a chance to see some rodeo action during break time.  A special perk for dancers working on the Saturday day shift was a surprise visit from the University of Oregon mascot Puddles the Duck who quacked up dancers and customers as he stepped inside the booths to offer hugs and take a few orders.

Lonnie and his wife Marilyn oversee the grilling and sales action at the west side concession booth, while Carol Bro supervises the east side.  Lonnie encourages a little friendly competition between booths by awarding a travelling trophy to the booth generating the most tips during the rodeo (Tips of the monetary kind, not the dancing kind). The tips are important because the club uses the proceeds to pay a clean up crew to clean the booths, and any excess monies are kept by the club.  At the time this article was submitted we are anxiously awaiting the announcement of this year's trophy winner. (This reporter predicts victory for the east side.)