Our students graduated July 25th becoming official Plus Dancers.  Congratulations to all who kept at it although I know from experience that you feel you will never “get it” at some point. Believe me; it becomes easier as you practice. But do not worry about mistakes; even veterans of 20+ years can make a major goof. We have four new members joining the Eager Beavers; Terri Cummings, Bob Lockerby, and Mel & Mary Pederson.  Please welcome them into your dances. Remember it takes practice and more practice.  Summer Festival in Seaside was great fun.  The weather was wonderful for dancing, even on the sand. We want to thank TVC and Kay Rogers for putting this together.  Also thank you to Andy Allemao, he did a great job and kept us moving.  Additionally let's not forget to give special thanks to Daryl Clendenin along with all of our great area callers that gladly donated their time and talents to make this weekend special.
 IMPORTANT:  We are adjusting our dance start and end times.  We are trying to come up with a balance of times which will be OK for our members and visitors, and allow our callers to return from the dance avoiding some of the afternoon rush hour.  They travel to St. Johns, East Vancouver, and to the Gateway district.  You can imagine what I5, US26, and I84 are like near 4 PM.  Check our website for current schedule.  At this writing we are trying 12:30 to 2:30 with a short meeting at 2:30.
 On Labor Day, September 5th, we will be dancing at Aloha Grange on 185th Ave.  Daryl Clendenin will be calling and Yvonne cueing.  There is a link for a map to the Aloha Grange on our webpage.
 We dance on most holidays.  Even if you have a job, you can join us once in a while.  Our three callers keep us on our toes as each week one seems to have some new twist to keep our minds sharp.  All plus dancers are invited to dance with us on Monday afternoons, 12:30-2:30 p.m., at the Sunset Presbyterian Church, 14986 NW Cornell Road in Beaverton. 
 Please check for up to date information at www.eagerbeavers.info or OFN website: http://ofn.club.
  Rachel Nettleton
