Single Trees only had one dance this month on July 13 with Jim Hattrick calling and Jackie Gale cueing.  Our theme was Summer Fun.  Our Treasurer Joy Pitts decided since it was so very, very hot that night that we should enjoy some cold ice cream with all sorts of toppings.  So though it wasn’t an ice cream social it turned out to be much to the delight of everyone who attended.  We had a good turnout despite the heat because we do have an air-conditioned hall with a floating wood floor great for dancing the night away.  We sure appreciate having this dynamic duo call and cue for us and travel miles to do so.  Thanks to everyone who attended and made this such a fun dance.
 
We had our annual club picnic the same weekend as our dance on the 15th of July.  The weather was so hot that many opted to stay home in the comfort of their homes.  Nevertheless we managed to stay cool in the shade provided by the huge trees at Suzanne Peterson’s country home off Seavey Loop.  The hamburgers were barbecued by Susan Mathers and we all appreciated her doing the honors for us once again this year.  While there were hayrides and several games to play, many sat and talked or watched the avid dog race game enthusiasts!  Thanks, Joy Pitts, for brining that ever popular game!
 
We are looking forward to our new dance year with Jim Hattrick calling our second Friday dances, Jackie Gale cueing both 2nd and 4th Friday dances, and guest callers like Craig Abercrombie and Al Frazier calling our fourth Friday dances.  Craig and Al are often calling in September for us but next year in 2019 we will have Dan Nordbye calling the 4th Friday in September.  And next summer we will not go dark for the 4th Friday in July as many of our members prefer to dance in town rather than go to Diamond Lake for the long weekend.  We also didn’t have to make a decision to go dark for Summer Festival as that will be held on the 3rd weekend in July.  Best of all worlds.
 
Happy dancing, everyone!
Gaynor Hintz
OFN Reporter, Single Trees