Mainstream lessons, taught by our caller Randy Dibble, began Tuesday, September 11th, and continue each Tuesday 6:30 – 8 p.m.  Lessons are at the Community Center and there is room for more to join us, so spread the word to your friends in the Newberg area interested in checking out square dancing.  The first 2 weeks are free.  
 Our "A" lessons, also taught by Randy Dibble began Tuesday, September 11th following Mainstream lessons, beginning at 8 p.m. at the Community Center.  You can still get in the class and catch up, so come on out and dance with us.
 Despite the hot temperatures the week of our “Dancing Under the Stars” dance during the Newberg Old Fashioned Days Festival next to the carnival, we enjoyed great weather and danced in our tennies under an especially full, beautiful blood moon.  We missed those choosing to attend the Diamond Lake festival the same weekend, and hope their dance was also fun for all.  
 We are rockin’ to the 50’s at our September Mainstream dance (Friday, September 28th)  So, “Put on your bobby socks baby, and Roll up your old blue jeans” and come on out to Newberg for a fun evening of dancing.  We square up at 7:30 for Plus with Mainstream and Rounds from 8-10:30 p.m.
 We dance on the 2nd and 4th Fridays of each month. The 2nd Friday is a Plus Dance, with pre-rounds at 7:30, Plus from 8 to 10:30, and the 4th Friday is an MS Dance, with pre-Plus at 7:30, MS from 8 to 10:30. At the Chehalem Community Center, 500 E. Second Street, Newberg.
 Valley River Dancers have joined the Tualatin Valley Council (which I learned is apparently the largest Council in the State of Oregon) effective this month and so we are beginning a new season.  I am reminded of a little song my Bluebird/Campfire Girls group used to sing when I was a little girl:  “Make new friends, but keep the old.  One is silver and the other gold.”  I look forward to representing my club beginning this month and sharing what we are doing, learning more about what’s going on at your clubs, and meeting the other delegates and making new friends.  We want to be sure and thank our lovely outgoing club Secretary as well as Delegate to the Mid-Willamette Council, Jan Amerson, for her outstanding efforts serving in both these positions.
  Josie Rosenbury
