After having been "dark" for the Summer, it's September and the Hoppers are happy to be back!

The highpoint of the summer season, our annual club picnic took place on Sunday, August 2, at Don and Joanne Oja's farm.  Touching bases with old friends was the order of the day.

At the picnic, we heard some very upbeat news about our club caller, Jim Hattrick.  Jim is on the rebound with an intact digestive system!  He is now getting a significant amount of his nutrition the natural way, improving daily, and hoping to resume (at least partially) his teaching, calling, and cueing duties in September.  Everyone is excited for Jim's progress and eager to greet him on his return.

The Happy Hoppers work hard to make our education program a comfortable environment for students.  Many of our club members volunteer as "Angels" to help make it an easy and productive experience.  Square dance lesson season will re-start on Monday, September 21, with a short session for September.  We encourage beginning dancers to start introductory lessons on September 21 and, after that, on the first Monday of every month at 7:30.  We are committed to serving both beginners and continuing students with our lesson format.  Every Monday, Plus lessons will be given at 6:30, Basic lessons start at 7:30, and Mainstream lessons are available at 9:00.  

As always, we have Plus dances on the first and third Saturdays of the month at the Clark County Square Dance Center.  Pre-rounds start at 7:30, with squares at 8:00.  Our "Back to School" dance will take place on September 5, with Richard Lane calling and Dorothy Lowder  cueing.  We encourage our members to bring school supplies to donate to students unable to provide their own.  On September 19, Craig Abercrombie will be the caller and Lonnie Sykes the cuer.
Since the pace of Jim Hattrick's recovery progress is unpredictable, he may (or may not) show up at any of our September lessons or dances, participating to the extent of his ability at the time.

Over time, our education program has developed a stellar reputation as a great vehicle for beginning square dance students.  Many students have risen to the Mainstream level only to be recruited by other clubs before they have had a chance to become Plus dancers and join the Hoppers.  We are committed to remain a Plus club, but we also want to keep our students in the family.  The best minds of the Happy Hopper leadership have been brainstorming about this for a while now.  Several new ideas and variations have been discussed.  We're not yet sure about a long term strategy, but on December 5, in an effort to provide our Mainstream students with some Happy Hopper floor time, we will have a "Mainstream Splurge" dance, with the great majority of the tips to be called at the Mainstream level.  More details will follow next month.

Marc Kahn
