July was a spectacularly busy month for the Hoedowners.  We kicked it off with our Hawaiian Luau dance on the 11th.  The weather was certainly tropical that evening so the Polynesian treats were a blessing.  Is it true all men own a Hawaiian shirt?  From looking around the dance floor, I think that&rsquo;s a yes.
 On the 19th we had another of our wonderful Progressive Dinners.  We started the evening with appetizers and clever games at the cool home of Rodney and Debbie Olson.  We each received water bottles with the addresses of the remaining locations.  The main course, an entrée salad bar, was served by the pool at the home of Donnie and Krystal Laas.  Each table was covered with vintage tablecloths and a bouquet of flowers.  Misters kept the outside bearable as the temperature reached 95.  We ended the evening in the lovely backyard of Tanya and Kent Norby cooling ourselves with ice cream sundaes and banana splits while we enjoyed their hand hewn patio and lighted bar area.  Snapshots of some of the intrepid group are posted on the bulletin board in the Grange lobby.   
 July 25th saw us once again enjoying the air conditioned ballroom for our Root Beer Float Dance.  Everyone was in for a wonderful treat as we saw the latest update to the Aloha Grange ballroom.  Twenty one Hoedowners were part of the crew that volunteered over the course of four days to prep, paint the ceiling and install the eight spectacular chandeliers.  The parachute is gone but in its place is a gracious and sophisticated new dance space.  It was magical and I overheard someone say, &ldquo;It makes me feel like I should have worn my crown&rdquo;.  The floor was crowded while others visited on the sides before we retired to the basement for our frozen refreshments.    
 Don&rsquo;t miss either our September 12th School Days Dance when we ask everyone to bring school supplies to donate or the September 26th Farmer&rsquo;s Market Dance.  We want everyone to see and share in the ballroom improvements.
 On Wednesday, September 16th, we&rsquo;ll start our fall mainstream classes.  The 16th will be a community dance, inviting friends and neighbors to give square dancing a try.  The first three lessons, Sept 16th, 23rd and 30th are all free.  Daryl is a wonderful, fun instructor so gather a group and join us.  
  Krystal Laas
