RANDALL AWARD NOMINATION
TAMI HELMS & TIM KECK
NOMINATED BY PORTLAND AREA COUNCIL

Tami Helms began her dancing career by dancing as a Go Go dancer, and then dancing in a Chorus Line at Sparks, Nevada.  She went on to focus on Ballroom Dancing and participated in several competitions; winning an amateur Swing Dance competition.  She started Square and Round Dancing in Portland, Oregon in 1982. Six years later, Tami decided to be a Cuer and teach Round Dancing, something she still does today.

Tim Keck has had an interest in dancing for most of his adult life. Early on he took part in Contra, English Country, and International Folk Dancing. He then added Country Swing and Ballroom Dancing to his repertoire.  Tim started Square Dancing in 1980 in Florence, Oregon and Round Dancing in 1985. 

In 2007, Tami & Tim were both dancing at Carousel Club #162 in Portland, where they became dance partners.  During their dance career, they have given their time to support several organizations, participated in several events, and they have choreographed several dances, some receiving Round of the Month recognition by several state organizations.  Tami & Tim keep abreast of the practices and techniques of teaching, programming, and presenting rounds by attending area workshops as they become available. 

Tami & Tim have been active in the following Organizations: In the Portland Area Council, Tami has served as Cuer Advisor and Alternate Area Delegate to State Federation. For the Oregon Federation of Square & Round Dance Clubs, Tami has served on the Round Dance of the Month Screening Committee.  Another organization where they have served together is the Oregon Round Dance Teachers Association (ORDTA).  Tim & Tami are Current Chairmen and past Vice Chairmen as well as past Secretary.  Tim also built and maintains the record database for the ORDTA collection of 45 rpm records (currently over 6,000).  The next organization to be identified is Roundalab (RAL) where Tami is Reviewer for Phase 2 & 3 Round of the Quarter and where Tami & Tim first taught a round dance for the RAL Convention in 2012.  And we cannot forget the International Choreographed Ballroom Dance Association (ICBDA).  Tim is the Reviewer for the Technical Advisor Committee's Cha Cha Rhythm and Tim & Tami have volunteered to assist with 2017 Convention.  We cannot forget their local connection to the Capitol Hill Community Club, where they currently serve on the Board of Directors with Tim as Secretary and Tami as Treasurer.   

Tami & Tim have made a strong commitment to being active in Festivals & Events: Tami & Tim have served as Oregon's Summer Festival Round Dance Chairman in 2011, 2013, 2015.  For Oregon's Mid-Winter Festival, they are the current (2018) Round Program Chairmen. Since 2010, they have participated in the Showcase of Rounds.  At the 2008 USA West Event, they were Round Dance Program Chairmen.  National Square Dance Conventions have been a big part of their lives - Tami was Portland, Oregon's Round Chairman of the Day 1994, Denver's Cuer/Teacher in 2004, Portland's Showcase Chairman 2005, San Antonio's Cuer/Teacher 2006, Charlotte's Cuer/Teacher 2007, and Tami & Tim were Spokane's Sound Program Manager in 2012.  For the Pacific Northwest Teen SD Festival in Silverton in 2018, Tami has volunteered to be the Head Judge.  Regional Dance Weekends have featured Tami at their events as well: WA Circle 8 Ranch 2012-2015, Lola Montana Mixer 2002, Reno Silver State, Olympia Lake Fair 2010-2014, & Vancouver, WA Royal Romp 1992-2016.

Tami & Tim are active dancers in the community and Tami is Cuer for three Oregon Federated Clubs currently - Bachelor 'n' Bachelorettes, River City Dancers, and Tumbleweeds.  Tami has choreographed 16 dances, three of which have received Round of the Month honors from several states.  These are "Twistin' the Night Away", "Why Don't We Just Dance", and "Crazy Cajun Stomp".  Tim helps create and edit the cue sheets for the dances that Tami has choreographed.  Dancers thank both Tami & Tim for their ongoing support of Round Dancing.  Through the years that Tami Helms & Tim Keck have been dance partners, they accomplished these many things while working - Tami, a school bus driver and Tim, a land surveyor.   


