November’s in the rear view mirror for the Hoedowners and there wasn’t a dull moment.  The deciding 7th game of the World Series was played during our regular Wednesday night class on November 1st.  Since it was the deciding game between the Dodgers and the Astros, we mounted a scoreboard on the wall and kept the class apprised of the score.  Unfortunately the final result was decided early in the game with the Astros scoring 5 runs by the bottom of the second inning so our Hoedowner scorekeeper had little to do but write in zeroes.  We adjourned after class for celebrating or mourning depending on your team.
 November 11th was that crazy dance we call The Turkey Toss.  Ten turkeys were donated and won by participants who launched, tossed and turned bean bags through the holes which appear much larger when you don’t have a bean bag in your hand.  Moments of hilarity, inaccuracy, chagrin, and success.
 November 15th was the annual Hoedowner Spaghetti Dinner which 56 attended.  There was garlic and parmesan, fresh pasta, and tiramisu.  And, there was Frank Sinatra serenading in the darkened dining room; certainly a romantic evening for our new dancers and members alike with a chance to relax and visit.  As usual the food was delicious and the leftovers were few.
 November 17th was our monthly visitation.  We were off to the Toe Draggers Harvest  Festival.
 November 25th was our Soup Night Dance; seven different soups and beautiful rolls and breads, a refreshing change from Thanksgiving Holiday fare.  We decided we might just need to do a dance where everyone just brings their best bread and maybe with a bit of butter or jam.
 And finally on the 29th we ended the month with our Peek at Fashion and Clothing Sale at our Wednesday class.  Angels wore regular dance apparel to illustrate the norms for a dance and members brought recycled square dance shirts, skirts, dresses, slips and belts to sell to benefit the club.  We love seeing those items going to new homes and knowing we’ll see them again on the dance floor.
 January 13th is our annual Hoedowner Black and White Sparkle Dance.  If you’ve never been, please join us for a ballroom all aglitter and sparkling with lights and mirrors.  It’s really the most elegant dance of the year to start 2018 out right by stopping by!
 Whoa! January 26-28 is Mid-Winter Festival and the club is planning on going dark and heading south to Albany.  Are you going?  Hope to see you there.
  Krystal Laas
